personal transportation is one of the best innovation .
We have a lot of old and unused train track in my town , so I like to create some kind of manually powered train type vehicle that would each fit several people and could be propelled forward either manually for free or with power for a fee . ''
Underground walkway at traffic intersection . This would eliminate the need for crosswalk and improve the flow of traffic .
pretty good
Obviously teleportation would be awesome , like with portal to common place . ''
I think it would be great to have a jitney-type bus that you could hail like a cab directly from the street . The jitney would be electric powered and follow a specific route . I think this would be great because I live in a town that ha many tourist , but doe not have a large population . It could shuttle tourist to different area , but the tourist would n't have to worry about a specific bus schedule . The jitney could drive on street that are not bus-accessible ( some of our street are `` '' old world '' '' and very narrow ) . There is also some frustration in my town about not having a vibrant night life because of lack of public transportation . This jitney would allow people to go downtown , especially college student , and have some drink without worrying about driving . One of the stop would be the college campus . The jitney would have a very low fair to encourage people not to drink and drive . This jitney would help downtown business and restaurant . ''
There should be large carousel in the city that circle the block , so people just get on a horse and go where they can . ''
A system with auto mated self driving vehicle powered by cold fusion technology
Telepads ! The Transportation of the Future ! Simply step on this portal pad , and you are instantly transported to your location ! The movement of molecule into energy is completely safe , and many user only experience a minor burning sensation for a minute after the teleportation process . Forget flying car , late train or other outdated mode of transport , and tele away with Telepads ! ''
pod like stock car for city that run on electric . They can be in route and be like taxi but driverless .
I imagine a magnetic public hovercraft system that go to individual home on a grid .
Combining food delivery service with taxi driving to maximize efficiency .
I would love to see a light rail system in my community . I am thinking of above ground train that would run to the various suburb and take people to various local stop . These train should run a regular schedule so people can use them to commute .
A station with a tube in the ground with a high speed pod that would shoot me at a quick speed across the city or across the country in a couple hour . It would be faster than an airplane and safer too .
Vacuum tunnel like the one that bank use . Get into a pod and set a destination .
It be awesome to have Subways to get to downtown faster for Football game and save money on parking .
Conveyer belt-like road - the road move instead of the car while on a freeway until time to exit -- I have n't figured that out yet .
Make an interstate system that is powered by a conveyor belt .
A high-speed rail that go around the neighborhood into the city .
My neighborhood will continue to use mainly personal vehicle a a mode of transportation , though the downtown area is working on an underground rail system . ''
A human carrying drone . This would require it to be build and withstand certain weight threshold , such a up to 200 pound . You would call a drone in and let it know where you want to go . It would pick you up and fly you there at a decent rate of speed and without having to sit in traffic . ''
My small rural town doe n't even have an intact bus system , so anything would be better than it is now . But I would like a service that ha people who drive pick up truck to help you move thing . For instance , if you go to the store and purchase a new couch , I 'd like to have something like Uber for Pick Up Trucks to call and have them bring my sofa home so that I do n't have to pay for outragious delivery fee from the store . ''
ROAD TRANSPORT - BICYCLE ( GOOD EXERCISE FOR OUR WHOLE BODY , LOW COST AND NO POLLUTION .

http : //postimg.org/image/kihkw2291/ ''
Uber like school bus system
a bus that play all 80 music all the time
A way to connect your car with a mobile phone app - you would broadcast your intended route ( such a commuting home from work ) and share this route with people in your local area . For a small fee ( under $ 5 ) - someone could ask to `` '' Ride Along '' '' with you along your route - but with no deviation - they would be allowed to get out along the way , but not change your intended path of travel . ''
we can have a carpooling service where people drive together for free . gas is paid for by every 10th person .
There should be a place to rent bicycle for a nominal fee for a day like they do in the big city . You can rent a bicycle and return it to any place that also rent the same bicycle . You could also rent scooter to be able to do small errand around town .
Change the road into a high speed moving floor , like what they have at airport terminal but faster and with chair to sit in . You can board a chair in a parking lot/driveway and operate a machine to choose destination . The chair will then merge into the moving road and go for the destination . ''
I 'm imagining a car sharing service with location throughout the city where you can go pick up a car without having to reserve one in advance . Nor would you have to interact with any people at the pickup/dropoff location . It would be somehow automated . Perhaps you would subscribe to the service an at annual or monthly rate and be given a special kind of 'key ' that would give access to any of the car currently at the pick up location . It would be first come first serve , and there would be smart technology embedded in both the car and the key . Your universal key would be linked to your account , and the car you used would transmit all relevant information to the system . Such a , time of pick up . number of mile drive . amount of gas used . Then the fee would be adjusted accordingly based on the type of car you used , mile driven , gas consumed etc . all of this without any human employee and all the fuss that come with tradiional car rental . Things like insurance and billing info would all be done upfront when a patron set up an account . This is genius , the more i think about it ! ''
my city need a subway system badly . A subway system would run in a star shaped pattern through the city and eliminate the terrible traffic in my city
Car sharing . Everyone can join a club which ha some monthly fee , let 's say $ 100 . If they pay this , then they find someone who let them ride everyday with them to work and back home . They driver get most of the money ( the rest go to overhead ) and take them to and from work everyday . So I guess it 's like a taxi service with a monthly fee , hopefully that using people that work with you at your job . ''
A flying bike that can come straight to you with a click of a button from your phone or tablet .
Elon Musk 's Hyperloop , Hi speed train traveling in tube above the city . ''
A magnetic railway car , like a trolley , that move and stop by people pressing button on the side of the road ''
While not practical , Shooting people across the city in canon would be awesome . Perhaps like the air compressed bank tube for sending stuff out to drivethru ? ''
Sleeper bus that pick you up after a night of drinking , and take you to your workplace in the morning , which include shower . ''
I think having a streetcar system would be amazing , it could be automated to accept fare , and would provide safe transportation for all . ''
we introduce solar vehicle .
A bicycle that is completely powered using solar battery . Therefore , it need neither peddling nor gasoline for it to keep going . ''
A human taxi system like they have in Asian country . A guy can run around with a cart and pick up passenger .
In the city i live in there is no public transportation . If some rail or bus could be brought in it could help a lot of people here .
remove all non commercial traffic . have extensive light rail connected to robust subway system . have storage container deliver large good .
A great mode of transportation in my neighborhood could be a bus or tram that run along the local parkway ( a road that basically go across the whole town ) people would be able to hop on it and ride it to their destination and be there within walking distance when getting off the bus/tram . Could be relatively cheap , clear up traffic with le people having to drive around , and is highly economical . ''
Smarter stop light that are better at managing traffic congestion
I can imagine a speedbus being a new form of transportation . It can have it own lane or track , and go a fast or faster than a train . ''
Something like Uber or Lyft , but for getting kid to school . This way it 's on an a needed basis rather than paying a flat fee for bus service that may not always be used for one reason or another . Especially when the child is staying late for practice or what not . ''
Busses that come by every 15 minute to popular spot on campus . Make the schedule more on time and more available to student .
Railways - Play a leading role in carrying passenger and cargo across India 's vast territory .
I thinking of transportation that you can transport yourself through your mind . It would be through dream that are real .
It 's a local version of Uber or Lyft , where you can download an app to get ride near you . ''
How about a deluxe line of bus . You have to pay 150 or above a month for a pas , but these run better route , and they actually run on time . The regular monthly bus pas is 65 , but the service is terrible . On this new route , absolutely no discount , no half fare , no free ride . Always have security on the bus to get rid of the riff raff . This new deluxe bus would n't even share stop with the regular bus route . ''
I would love it if the city made walking and riding a bike more user friendly . There are no area that are safe for pedestrian or bikers . If there were a bike lane , more people could move independently and get to where they are going . Commuters using more than one mode of transportation would be able to get to their destination more quickly and with greater safety . ''
Ridesharing/carpooling website
A carpool app . It ha profile of possible match and help match up route schedule .
I imagine a transportation system in which we all use underground super chute . They move u from place to place within our town super fast . It would have to be set up so everything is safe of course . I imagine a network of these chute spreading throughout the city and they pop you up wherever you want to go . Would n't that be amazing ?
An over the ground monorail would be an effective way to their respective destination . This would cut down on neighborhood traffic and also be a safe mode of transportation for kid . Additionally this monorail system could be set up on the school start and end time to make sure kid arrive on time .
Just a more streamlined bus and rail service . I 'd make bus easier to track .
I 'd love to see an all-electric option for carpooling at the school where I work . There are 5 family whose children/adults work or attend school at the same place , and we live on the same street . We are about 10 mile from school . We could all ride to school together , charge the vehicle while we are at school , and ride home together . ''
I 'd like to see vehicle that will fly , take up little space on the ground , go up and down more like a helicopter so large parking runway are not needed . These car would almost fly themselves and need little direction other than where they 're going . ''
We plan for buy a battery car for our neighbor which help u for the transport . . It will help u to control the pollution for our environment .
It would be better if the government will create a new transpo scheme wherein there will be a separate lane for bus , a separate late wherein it is closed for every other vehicle and there are station for the customer just like in train/subway system , card system will be used in the station estimated time of the next bus arrival shown on screen and it can also be checked through a mobile app ''
I 'd like to see some kind of motorcycle rental system in my neighborhood . This would be really convienant and I imagine quite affordable a well . There tends to be a lot of traffic in my area too so this would prevent the road from becoming too congested . I live in a high tourism area a well and I think this would be more fun for people to explore the city than renting traditional car .
In my neighborhood , I would like to see some sort of updated streetcar system with solar panel on the top of the street cat , , some sort of energy capture technology on the track . ''
A outdoor moving walkway . Replace part of the sidewalk with a moving walkway .
This transportation system would be the most spectacular to the entire neighborhood . It is a neighborhood vehicle hub system . It is a hub where everyone with an android or io or window phone can open an app and rent out a car or a bike to use around the neighborhood with the additional benefit on these hub being eco friendly public restroom with vending machine for those that wish to travel locally and have the munchies .
Adding a light rail system to support the university and the surrounding apartment .
vehicle department
Walk ! Get all together and walk wherever you need to go .
I 'd love to see a crowdsourced method of alternate transportation in my city , where people could request ride from others who happen to be in the area and going the direction you need to with a minimal cost . There are so many people who have car and it would be a great option for people who do n't have reliable access to one . It could use cell phone apps and perhaps even have a traditional component using telephone for people who are le technologically inclined . The biggest challenge would be safety/security , and I 'm honestly not sure how to overcome that aspect . There could be specific stop , almost like bus stop , where people could gather and wait for ride , or schedule ride to pick them up at certain time . ''
Zipline rail . Have little vehicle attached to zipline-like thing and people can zip from place to place .
High speed train to commute into Chicago from various city throughout northwest Indiana , with sleek train station that include lot of amenity ( coffee shop , dry cleaning , etc . ) ''
A giant water slide that take you from tower to tower in a city
I think a new transportation that utilizes a type of rail system on the sidewalk that people can easily easily walk throughout the neighborhood - similar to the moving walkway at airport . Sort of like a conveyor belt for people .
I think a bullet train would be very useful . A train that can transport passenger fast in between the major area in the neighborhood , for example to school , the downtown area , the performing art theater , shopping district , the airport etc . It doe n't have to stop very often like a bus but an instead be used for getting between major area and can be supported by the bus system . ''
An iphone app that scan item and give you coupon . It will save people time from having to look at the newspaper .
I would like to see a commuter bus with complete wifi access , a well a office equipment available . ''
maybe monorail all over the city with a long slide that can take you to your destination .
In the future , there will be electric powered vehicle system . There will be transportation center with different sized vehicle for rent for a small fee . The vehicle will range in size from one person scooter to six person vehicle . They will be rented on an hourly basis . ''
In-Tap water heating , for high efficiency hot water ''
I imagine an electric trolley like those old school one , but it would be a hybrid system instead and people could hang off the back and ride it . There would be electronic pas card that everyone could swipe on and off and it would be subsidized so anyone could use it for super cheap . ''
We could have all of the sidewalk moving . Just like in an airport . However , to power these sidewalk , they could be under solar panel . The panel would protect pedestrian from the sun and also power the walkway . ''
An electric monorail with a few car that travel between the shopping center about a mile a way from u through the little downtown and stopping at the regional rail station a mile the other direction from u . It would have 2 or 3 train that run back and forth all day and night transporting people between those two major zone in our neighborhood , eliminating the need for car to travel nearby . ''
It would be great for our city to offer more access to the rail . We could use an updated rail system that would make traveling to our larger city in the state faster , more available , and yet still affordable . It could bring more people to live in our city if they could travel fast to the big city and help grow our town here . Our town is terribly depressed and I think that having a high-speed train or just general more option to travel through it would bring a massive amount of revenue into the city . ''
An UBer like system where neighbor help neighbor on a rotating basis .
I feel like there could be a uber shuttle , sort of like a train system . ''
I would like a taxi like system that doe n't charge so high .
we introduce some of the term and technique used in data communication in network which range from transport to the internet
An app to help set up carpools .
Personal shopping service for senior . No cost to them .
Future transportation will be cleaner and more environmentally freindly . Cars will run on le fuel and will have better emission
People step into a box which is like an elevator . It zoom around the street taking you where you want to go . it run on a track run in the street . The track is a small groove in the street that is n't disruptive and allows car to continue to travel on the road .
We all transport by cafe-mobiles . Basically it is a portable cafe . Starbucks for example , sent out mobile that can house two customer and a barista . It is a self driving mobile , so the barista can only worry about serving his customer a they are being driven to work . ''
Public Busses is the mode of transport most frequently used in my people safety
Mopeds take you around like taxi !
It would be great to have a bike share program in my neighborhood . Just have a couple bike lock station and have the city get u a bunch of bike , and just use the bike a we need them and park then when we 're done . ''
Monorails would be fabulous !
I imagine a type of hybrid car/rail system that are not owned by individual . A person would schedule a pickup to go to work and one home . The car would keep circulating picking up and dropping off people all day . There would be much lesser need for personal parking a well .
bio vehicle
Use CNG Gas in Autos , Taxi , Buses and Other Public Transport System .

Encouarge People to use Public Transport System to avoid Traffic Congestion and Air Pollution .

Give Tax Subsidies for Less Pollution Technologies . ''
pERSONALIZED SHOPPING FOR SENIORS
bike sharing stand would be a welcome addition to my city . Bikes you can rent at one place and drop off somewhere else .
In the future we could develop a pod system that take each person directly to the place they want to go . A pod station could be set up and all you do is type the address of the location where you want to go and it take you there in second . This would require some infrastructure and technology to build .
Carpooling platform online that match driver and commuter .
I think we should have more and cheaper car sharing . And use electric car .
I would like to see a hover system that occupies the same route a road and highway to bypass traffic .
How about color coded car that only service a particular area for a flat rate . As the car take a passenger to desired location within that particular area , if another person flag that same colored car , that person can hop in and share the ride . After all , the drop off point will be in the same general area and the rate is flat . ''
Solar powered road and highway . We could install solar panel on the concrete and find some way to cover it so panel do n't get destroyed . That way any vehicle can use the energy to power itself and travel a it pass on the road . The economy a well a the average person would save a ton of money . The change on the environment would also be beneficial .
A train that connects Orlando and Tampa for easier travel for better job opportunity for both city
Lets try non mechanical mode of transportation instead we either walk or ride an animal from place to place . The animal can be any type such a elephant , horse , donkey , camel , and maybe you can train something a bit faster . ''
An app that brings together cyclist for equipment and tool sharing .
A flying car would be a good innovation . We would free up the road making le traffic jam and it 'd give people new experience .
This area could really use a super speed train that go much faster than traffic . It could travel above the road system and would save ton of time for many people .
If we could all just travel through human sized and safe pod that take u from place to place like the bank vacuum system that would probably be the fastest , safest way . ''
Tubes and capsule . Capsules would travel from station to station using pressurized air in tube . Like a bank drive up window tube system , but large enough for poeple ''
park and go scooter , to get across town and back ''
If it 's a neighboorhood idea , maybe a coordination of volunteer via an app for either ridesharing or being the driver for a day . ''
An alternative transportation system in my neighborhood could involve something such a a taxi like service but one that ran kind of like a bus , involving general car . These service could flow around the city and offer ride to people who may not be able to afford any other type of transportation . ''
One thing I would love to see in my local area is rent able electric scooter . They would be good for the environment , easy to maintain , and reduce traffic in term of larger vehicle on the road . ''
Have horse drawn carriage on Friday night , this would be romantic and reduce pollution . ''
Smartphone you can reach in a grab item
My neighborhood ha little walk-ability due to poor road quality and an abundance of speed bump . My Idea is simple in that they can add multiple lane above the street for bike and people walking . This would be on par with what city have over major crossing but will cost relatively little money compared with adding a train or increasing the once daily bus . This would also allow any expansion of the road under the walkway and reduce the 10 or so death a year from car hitting people when they are just walking on the side of the road .
I think we should use a monorail like system to easily get around the suburb and greater university section of the town .
A simple roapway made up of strong steel cable and a cabin controlled by rope . This can be operated downhill and uphill .
A series of ziplines that can get you downtown .
Personal transport is usfull for all
Subway that take you straight to downtown . It would be the best transportation to get to downtown without any traffic to watch football game get to work and other activity . I think a lot more people would be traveling this way .
Electric bike . Bikes that require no effort and use electricity .
new transportation is very like . all the transportation is important our life .
There are a series of tube that go over the city . The people get in and it act like a pneumatic tube that suck them to the next destination . It would be best for personal transport and no luggage would be allowed .
One Idea I 've always had wa sky tram . It would operate just like your traditional tram system but instead of a point A to point B ride . You would have an additional 5 to 10 stop on a linear path , to support the stop I would use a magnetic rail system , instead of the old wire cable system . This would cut down on over crowding in term of public and private transportation . ''
I imagine a train system that run parallel to the street but is separated from it , unlike a streetcar . It could be elevated from the terrain when necessary to cross over obstacle . ''
It would be a new school bus system that run on renewable energy . No more gas would be needed to get the kid to school and back home . Making our city one more step greener and setting the bar high !
Electric scooter rental , have scooter that use the quick charging technology from car but since they 're scooter they 'll charge quicker so they 'll be ready for potential customer ''
A separate lane for Ride-Share driver . This way the ride-sharing service can cut down on time and money .
In many neighborhood , stop sign are ignored . I believe switching to yield sign , where ideally suitable , is needed and adding 'bus stop ' for local school that do not hinder traffic . ''
An electric scooter renting/check in system
Have futuristic moving chair that are installed onto side walk throughout the city . This will enable people to just sit down and get to where they want to go !
A automated truck that delivers grocery and people when bad weather happens and tree are down on the road . Its a big truck that can get through everything
I 'd like to see underground travel possible through out the city . Some massive tunnel , where you would have to take side tunnel to exit , but there would be major artery . It would replace a lot of above ground road . ''
I want to see electric vehicle charging station everywhere . At library , at Starbucks ' , everywhere . In the future all car will be electric and most will be self driving , might a well get started on that now . ''
Skyline car- Have pod that move above the building and are connected to main area of interest . People can pay a toll to use them and be transported around the city
A system where road are replaced with some sort of electromagnetic track that can transport vehicle faster and safer than current car
Hyperloop : essentially a super fast subway in a pressurized tube like they use at the drive up to a bank to send thing back and forth only on a scale large enough for people to ride in
A zip line system above the ground that brings people to school and event location . This would be a fun innovate way to get people from one location to another .
A larger bike path so that more people could ride their bike place . Also every few mile they could have a bench for people to rest with a water fountain .
A Railway system for car , like something out of minority report . You can still drive on the road but the speed limit is controlled and there is never any accident because you input your destination into a program in the individual car and let the railway system get you there . ''
Many people in my town already ride bicycle to and from work or to run errand , and quite frankly I wish more of them would . I live on a peninsula , so everyone is always competing for parking anyway . I think bicycle are ideal for commuting in a smallish town like mine . ''
a system that would make it to where everyone ride together , and if someone is driving somewhere they can get paid to take someone along with them , it would save money for everyone . ''
I think we should focus on making it easier for people to bike around the area . We need to widen sidewalk and/or have separate path just for pedestrian and bikers . Oftentimes , the bike lane are narrow or end abruptly . ''
I wanted a transportation that will be convenient for everyone . I want t o have a mini car wherein there 's no traffic in such a way road will not meet intersection .
bus should be branded by route , and have brightly colored easy to identify sign ''
A activator people carry around and activate when they need a pickup . A wait time is calculated and shown to them . Something you carry on a key chain and just push a button .
We could find a way to build jet that transform into tiny box that fit in your pocket . That would solve the need for car since we would be using jet to travel instead .
I believe my neighborhood should have some sort of electronic trolley system . I can take multiple people throughout the day and network worker to certain destination and landmark .
A much-improved subway . It is faster and ha far fewer delay than the current line . It is also relatively affordable .
There should be rental bicycle area all over the city with checkpoint .
public rail
A car which run without fuel will be a change in the world , because the world is more worried about the global warming . In this car 4 people can sit and there will be pedal for each . Each one us their own power to cycle the pedal , the energy is saved from each person using hydraulics . The car should be light weighed and it could be easily used by people . ''
I have an idea of using only one big bus for our entire residence association
trolley system
An all electric bus . They would be plugged in over night and run during the day and vice versa . It would run on a normal schedule , but not run on fuel . ''
I believe that a more widespread use of carpool lane would be a great idea . There are n't any in my area , but I think that building carpool lane would reduce traffic congestion a well a encourage people to drive with more than one person in the car at a time . ''
Horse and carriage . Have someone make scheduled stop using a horse and carriage to pick people up and take them around the neighborhood .
I would love to see self driving car to help the blind be more indepentent .
A sort of rail line , but it 's a single rail and ha many hanging cart . The cart hold maybe 4 people at a time , like a taxi . The price would be cheaper than a bus and they would arrive quickly when you need them . You could push a button on pole that are located around the city , far more often than bus stop , and the cart will come to you quickly and take you directly to your destination . No need for bus driver or waiting for traffic ! ''
It is similar to the monorail at Wald Disney world . It go all around the town and stop when people use an app and state they need a pickup . It can go to individual street and address because it need no rail , but can use multiple-line system to navigate the town . It make scheduled stop , but can also be called by the app . It is free , paid for by local and state tax , and very clean and quick . People use it for a wide variety of us , from night on the town , to grocery shopping , to work commute . It is very safe , clean and fun . ''
Travel by wire 10 ft above ground , like a ski lift . ''
Moving sidewalk
Public Busses in the tecnology useful
My town is in desparate need of a form of public transportation . Everyone is reliant on a car or scooter . I think they do n't have enough need to warrant a bus route , but I 'm in favor of widening the tiny bicycle lane they have . ''
Encourage care pooling by having ride share spot to park unused car .
I would love if my area could some how have an underground transportation system . Like the subway . The problem is I live in Florida so it would hit water . Therefore , it would be amazing to have a system that is under the water like a Subway system . You would be able to see all the sea life . It would cut back on traffic above land . ''
A new way to transport in my neighborhood ? I would honestly say cab . They are not around where I live . But a cheaper way and only in the city . It 's mostly just bus and the stop are few and far between .
I would like to see a high speed rail system that go across the country ... somehow powered by renewable energy
A network of green transportation for rent . You insert coin and it release a bike , a skateboard , a scooter or some other form of efficient transportation . You drive it to your destination and once you deliver it to the hotpspot you can get your money back , if it is in good condition . ''
an underground shuttle that take people from big landmark to another
I want a way to fly by myself to where I want without having to control it
A bullet train to connect major city in the state and outside of the state .
I would like to see public transportation on bus expanded in my area , with a dedicated area for bicycle to also be transported on the bus . This would help a lot with traffic , and still allow people to get to their destination quickly . ''
This is the best way to get around
vaccum system of tube like at a bank . High speed escalator . Conveyor system for car on the interstate .
I live in a fairly small town that ha a decent amount of people but is n't very large in area . Solar powered railcar could be a viable option for this area . They would only have to travel short distance at once , and it could easily be utilized by everybody in town by having just a few stop . Think about the railcar in San Francisco and other major city being completely solar powered . The electricity saving would be huge . ''
This new transportation system is a bullet train in the sky , able to span around the neighborhood with up to 700 passenger in under two minute . It 's sleek silver coat is never late , and always early to make sure everyone get where they need to go . The rail float there in the sky , ready to carry this majestic beauty to the end of the neighborhood making sure everyone is early ''
People in the future will be picked up by aircraft landing and taking the people to their destination . It will hover over your stop and drop down and pick you up . It will then take you to your destination and hover over your destination and drop you off . It will drop you off and pick you up via a tube that will pick you up and drop you off .
Use a sky rail train to transport people . Similar to a subway , but rather than below ground , it would be above ground . ''
My mom had this silly idea the other day when we were sitting in traffic . Cars that change shape depending on however many people were in it . Say , two people ? It 'd transform into a smartcar size . One person ? Tiny one-person cubicle machine . Sure , it 's not really feasible - but it 's interesting . It 'd make traffic feel le terrible if we could see how many people are in said car and how fast they 'd be crossing street and so on . Maybe have a designated lane for however many people ? ''
carpooling , so many in our neighborhood go to the same place . We could develop an app to see who can carpool with who .. state where , when you are going somewhere and people can sign up.. if they can drive or can pay for gas ''
quattrocycle would be great idea for transportation whithout spending any type of gas ! !
Picture a vehicle of transport that almost resembles a giant scooter . But the thing is that more than a few people can ride it at a time and it can be programmed to go to the destination that you need . There is also the option of seatbelt or strap that can prevent the rider from falling out or off . In the back of the scooter object would be a large area where personal baggage and thing can be kept and it automatically lock once enough passenger are aboard . This area is kept locked by the operator of the scooter ride . On each side of the edge of the scooter ride are place for phone and other device to be plugged in . The scooter ride would be plugged in to keep it charged up and there would be solar panel on the back to make sure that the ride can be energized and charged for a moment 's notice .
Solar powered bus . I live in a college town and while our bus run on natural gas , I think they should be solar powered with the natural gas a a backup for rainy day , etc . ''
Electromagnetic transportation would be an innovative way to travel . I am thinking more so on the side of `` '' being green '' '' . Imagine a bus or railway style vessel that move along a track with the force of magnet . It would eliminate the need for gas or diesel . ''
In the future we invent highly integrated solar bike . Now a day some company wa invented solar bike but there is not enough in the future .
Really enjoyable survey , I remember something to share here , All over the world is polluting by this transport . unnecessary transport are more , we need to educate bi-cycle to use for transporting , but it never happens . Since , Government is not working for people , here these day government are not for the people , they work for them . so they make illegal money by encouraging unnecessary transport with the corporate . We sooner loose everything natural thing . we must encourage our own people to use bicycle for unnecessary transport , so that we will be healthy by using bicycle and we can make nature pollution free . ''
I want a monorail system to run above street level ( may be 20 foot up or so ) . I want it to connect the suburb to downtown , and circle the city . It would run on magnet so that it would be extremely quiet . It would be extremely fast . I want it to provide a bird 's eye view for commuter . It would be a very safe way to travel , crime and personal safety would not be an issue . ''
Car seat with massager built in .
Underground suburban subway
A train that run hovering above it track on magnetic bearing traveling at near supersonic speed
Cars that drive on their own and when people are going the same way the car link to eachother .
horse drawn carriage I think it would be cool to do this again in our main downtown area where are the restaurant are . Would be nice .
A public taxi system dedicated to public transportation . Standard operating hour and funded through tax . On demand pick up via city based app . Essentially eliminating everyday driver .
Giant swing . You can jump off at the peak of the swing and go down big slide to end up on the sidewalk
A taxi service where self-driving car can be dispatched to a client which then drive the client to their destination and then return to HQ .
Automated taxi service . Would have several dispatch station in key area of city . Person could call for a ride from an app on their phone and it would send a car to them . The software could calculate rate for the trip and make you pay before a a confirmation before sending a car out . Car could then drive customer to said destination . Self driveable car that could provide a much better service than the often RUDE cab driver could provide . Plus , I trust a robot way more than some of these moron driving ! ''
Mass transit only route that expedite bus , bike and High occupancy vehicle on smaller , yet more direct route . Toll type control and monitoring . Make a single person in s single car very difficult and punitive ''
A rail that go back and forth from campus with known arrival time would be ideal for student to travel from campus to their home and neighborhood . This would be like a miniature above ground subway .
hot and ready to eat homemade cookie delivery
A uber type service on the intercoastal in Florida
There would be skateboard like device that run on track that are embedded into the road of the city . People could use a phone app to schedule for one of the board to pick them up . The device would show up int he street outside of your house or wherever you currently are . You would hop on and you would put the address into the app of where you wanted to go .
A system in which no one leaf their house ever . Everything they need is brought to them by drone . They never need to leave even for vacation because virtual reality is so realistic .
I like some double top bus with upper top should be open .
Horse drawn carriage would rock here in this southwestern mountain town . People would really love it and it would be more reasonable for my area than just your average bus or taxi .
We already have bus system . I think people that live close together and work at same place the bos should give incentive to carpool together .
I 'd really like to see a little pod that you could get into . It ha a minor sedative so you can relax on your commute . A bus or something of the sort would come by and pick up pod which are locked and only you can open . You hang a sign or type in your wanted destination , and a bus that go roughly to the area scoop you up .



Upon getting to your destination , the bus drop you off at a stop , and the sedative wear off with an alarm to wake you up . ''
Uber style delivery service . When someone need something picked up ( grocery , take out order , new TV , etc ) they can use the Uber style app to let a driver know where and what need picking up and where it need to be delivered . This could be great for restaurant that do n't deliver . If it 's added a part of the Uber platform it could probably be cheaper than delivery fee from the place that deliver from restaurant ''
Electric Car Rental Place that allows student and low income individual a way to get around and explore their local area .
the sidewalk should move , and there should be bicycle lane that move a well so that you can move on the double via the moving road ' motion and the bicycle ' motion ''
Scooter rental station . Rent one for a period of time and return at next station .
A crowd-sourced bus stop app . Instead of having fixed bus stop throughout the city . People through a smart phone app request a bus to stop at a certain location . This would provide information to the bus service company in improving the location and time of where service is needed the most .
A sidewalk that is automatic . It could allow people to get around faster than what walking would do . It also would help others with being able to carry thing that they could n't possibly carry all by themselves . It could help with getting people where they need to go at the rate of speed a a bicycle . This would help out ton of people that have had a rough tiring day but do n't want to use a vehicle to get back home .
Technologies is used in the middle people transport Public Busses and Railway/ Trains/ Subwayys
we could incorporate a public bus system .
Trolleys on super-magnetic track that go around the city with minimal friction . The trolley make stop at notable area .
RAILWAYS-Railways is one of the most largest under single management.It carry some 18 million passenger and 2 million ton of freight a day and is one of the worldâs largest employer.The railway play a leading role in carrying passenger and cargo across Indias vast territory . There are almost 8000 railway station in the country .
A social platform similar to facebook related to all thing travel . People would be able to connect with others and find people traveling the same route . One person would volunteer to drive and would pick everyone up , and their card are automatically charged the rate in which gas cost along with depreciation of vehicle . If 3 rider , each pay 1/3.. 4 rider pay 1/4 , etc . ''
Juvenile delinquets could drive the elderly around for 1-2 hr a day , and that could be a part of their community service . ''
The future transportation system in me neighborhood is going to consist of driverless vehicle that hover and travel with the help of magnetism . The vehicle have built in solar panel that operate throughout the city 24/7 . These vehicle all have routine they follow everyday so people just have to transfer according to where they want to go . On the other hand , if people want to own their own vehicle then it is possible . They can travel where ever they want to and all they have to do is to recharge their solar battery in the sunlight . ''
Many people interested in the cinema song music for the signal of transport
An underground Seqway track which will take a while to build but will be extremely beneficial . There are no turn a underground path are completely straight . Recharger station are at every mile or two . There are practically no intersection or traffic light except at major hub , which are few and far between . Delivery service such a mail and UPS are a major component of this transportation system , which will make them faster and clear up traffic on major road . ''
My city is currently looking at High Occupancy Travel toll lane . I 've thought that a dedicated lane for bus or van pool would be an alternative that could let the car commuter see the speed at which these other option can get to work . This would encourage the use of the bus / van pool option .
Bustrain , kind of like a trolley but without track . There would be a front engine compartment kind of like a semi truck , and it would pick up car like trailer ''
riding on horse would be cool
The local community could benefit from some sort of electrical bus system . Our town is not big so the bus would n't need to travel very far on a charge , but anything they could do to reclaim energy from braking , coasting down hill etc would extend the range . Im picturing purple and yellow bus . We could call the line the `` '' Bolt Bus '' '' ''
Device that collect foot tap while sitting a stored energy , then plus into bicycle to power small motor for assisted bike riding ''
Another idea for a new transportation system would be a magnetic bullet train system , similar to the one they have in Japan . It would be a national rail system built over the old railroad we have now . It would go to every major city in America and would take half the time to do so . ''
A drone taxi that pick you up and drop you off at your desired location .
I would like a city trolley . The trolley would travel around the city several time a day , taking and picking up resident from the major shopping area . The trolley stop should be no more than two block from any neighborhood . ''
light rail
An overhead rail system .
As a former city dweller who is now car-less in suburbia , I dream of a system of autonomous car . The car are available at convenient station , much like bike rental stall in city . They are non-polluting . Anyone with a smart phone and account can book a ride at any time . Ride sharing is also available . These car can have a pod design , though larger vehicle are available for people who need to transport larger item or many item . They accept voice command , so programming is easy , and the car can take you to almost any destination . Links to other transportation hub , like train and bus , are also available . The car doe n't need to be returned to it original location , just to another station . The vehicle are always well maintained and reliable , plus the service is affordable to most . ''
Electric bus would be an amazing addition to my city but we would have to integrate a system of cable that the city may or may not support . San Francisco ha the one I mean .
I imagine a time in the near future where car are powered by compressed air , and electricity alone . Gas is becoming almost not needed anymore a cheaper car and motorbike are being changed over to the new idea . Big company are investing to make the world a greener place . ''
This system is like an invisible gondola ride , with individual pod that up to a party of 4 can get into , running on magnetic line . ''
Hover board that actually float by air
Instead of paving truck coming through the neighborhood , laying down new asphalt , it would be soap truck . The street would be lined with giant tarp , and people would slip and slide to their destination on specially crafted slip and slider . They would look sort of like a canoe , but with a flat bottom . I think underneath the tarp , there would be air pocket that sensed whenever an object passed over them . Whenever an object pass over the air pocket , they rapidly self inflate , thereby pushing the slip and slide canoe further and faster . ''
Individual car on a track that you can program to take you where you want without having to drive .
Self driving scooters/motorcycles that come to your door step and drive themselves ( you ) to your destination .
A zip line from the place where I take the bus to the subway would be great . It would cut out all the traffic and possibly be much faster than taking the bus to the subway . Also , there would be multiple pod that would lock in the destination and go non-stop so it would n't be stopping every few minute to pick up passenger . ''
Personal used in the Motorcycle/ Scooter
A pop-up portable gold driving range simulator that can be set up in a house , in a store , in an office . You hit the ball into a giant screen that look like a golf course ''
I think there should be bike that you can easily rent . You can get them in the major shopping area and drive them around town to get excercise a well a helping to use le gasoline .
Moving walkway or sidewalk , user would just step on where they please and get off whenever they arrive at their destination . There could be faster lane for those traveling further . ''
Transportation based on cart . Everyone get on a cart that move from street to street . It stop only briefly to let people on and off .
I imagine a world where there are high speed rail all over my neighborhood . People will be travel in public transportation in a fast and effective manner to anywhere they want .
This idea relies on a series of jitney . Jitneys going back and forth to pick up a few people along the way and also dropping people off . No need for any track a they could use already existing roadway .
I think we could bring back the streetcar in queen where the subway ha low coverage . The streetcar would connect to the subway system which would be entirely rebuilt to accommodate new clean station with solar panel and zero carbon foot print . This would connect with commuter and regional train that would operate on an hourly scale .
I would like to see an advanced transportation system that involved driverless car . The idea is the same a using a taxi but without a driver . Like Uber , you would use your mobile device to order a car and control the experience . The car show up at your door , take you to your destination and you are billed for the ride . It would save me thousand of dollar in the cost to own , maintain , insure and license my own personal car . ''
I can imagine an self-driving car company with a lot of car . You would use an app on your phone like Uber . The car would automatically leave the lot and come pick you up .
I think adding a rail system in my city would be a great idea . The only public transportation we have is bus and there are a lot of area they do n't even run to . So I think a rail system would do wonder in getting a lot of other people where they were going .
UTILIZE SCHOOL BUSES DURING DOWN TIME TO GIVE CHEAP RIDES
Maybe for college student who need college credit , their neighborhood could set up a `` '' class '' '' that meet twice a week for an hour each , and the licensed student could drive whoever around who need it . And they could receive college credit for it ! ''
An alternative transportation mode would be if we could tie cable along metal pole and pull ourselves where we 're going using skate .
My new transportation system would be a golf cart system . We have many elderly people who would enjoy being able to get around using golf cart . It would be a wa around the city without having to use the highway .
I would have the Metro system extended further into Virginia to lessen the commute time . I would also call for train station that were more accessible and us solar energy predominantly .
Something above the street , an elevated form of public transportation , would be cool . That way it would be out of the traffic . ''
An underground rail system would be great . That way you could get around without having to get stuck in traffic . There are so many car in this area that we are known for our traffic .
A fleet of cheap , reliable , automated taxi car . The car would drive automatically after an input wa made for the destination . These car would be self charging with paint that ha solar energy potential . ''
Taken from the idea of bike rental , there should also be motorized scooter available for rental , where you can rent any motorized scooter from a `` '' station '' '' and return it to another `` '' station '' '' around your area when you are done . ''
I think my neighborhood could benefit from ride-sharing bike . We live in a suburb of Boston but technically a City . Not the easiest to get around and a lot to do .
A free taxi service for student , especially for night so that student can get back safely . Instead of a car or a big bus , it could be a small bus so that it can fit enough people , but not use too much gas . ''
A bus with 8 off road tire and a strong engine that could easily get the passenger through even the snowiest of day . We can call it the Wolverine .
The technology used in moving data among transport involve many different compontents and methodology
A disaster movie about a blimp that get a slow leak . Most of the movie will take place in the cockpit . It will be conversational based between the pilot and air traffic control .
A moving form of transportation where a user stand on one leg and kick off over and over with the opposite leg in order to propel forward .
Our neighborhood need something like hotel shuttle . These thing can get you to the most popular area around . We have a casino nearby a well a a lively downtown area . These place can be accessed easier with this service .
Moving sidewalks- You could walk to get to where you needed to go , but you could still keep getting to your destination if you needed a break . ''
train easy and nice travelling exp
A circulatory bus system consisting of two vehicle traveling in opposite direction on a set route but with no designated stop . The route in my small district of the city take approximately 20 minute to to circumnavigate and consists of goth commercial district . One would never be more than 10 minute fro being able to hail the `` '' jitney '' '' bus . This alleviates the use of regular bus system which is much more focused on funneling clientele to central city and run more or le eradicately.It envisions using current tech and is human centered . It is innovative in it 's goal not hardware . ''
Cars with airplane wing !
Autonomous vehicle owned by the city . Any individual ( or at least city resident ) can call or press a button for one at any time and the closest available vehicle will come pick you up and take you where you want to go .
A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be similar to a train line , just on a smaller scale . It would pick people up in a series of pod and deposit them at their place of work for a small fee . This new train type line could also be used in the same way that a bus is , to run errand . The new system would have comfortable couch like chair and be far more acceptable than the current form of trnasportation availabe . ''
A solar-powered trolley system that work like an automated bus , mixed with a roller coaster . No need for a driver , a each trolley head to a central location and go from different section of neighborhood . They would run quickly perhaps so that a trolley will collect people and head to it destination every 15 minute . It make short transportation to hub area cleaner , safer , and nicer , and can be closed during non-business hour of the hub area . ''
Autonomous car that you can order ride from through an app similar to Uber .
a fleet of pedicab
With road being overcrowded and at a premium these day , how about some ziplines put in place instead ? A series of wire would be put in place and passenger would be in a small seat powered by battery connected to the wire above . This would also be a much greener form of travel zig zagging across the sky ! ''
My mode of alternative transportation would include car , bus , and tram running on solar energy in roadway . I 'm unsure how it would work exactly , but if we could harness the power of the sun and build vehicle that have the panel either on them or in the tire it could remove the use of fossil fuel . ''
Road transport is highly flexible . The route can be changed anytime and personalized service .
I wish my neighborhood had a giant conveyor belt for going to all the main place downtown . It would help the older people a well be convenient . It would have to be waterproof and covered . It could run all along the one side of the main intersection without ever having to cross .
Im from Seattle and it is mostly built over the top of the old city that burned down . I would think that they 'd be able to build subway here at least through the downtown area where they have underground tour of the city .
Subways with shorter run . NYC is filled with unused tunnel and station . Get them up and running . Also , allow people who use any sort of wheel-based transport , that 's not a bus or car , to use the bike lane . ''
I wa thinking that since the city I live in ha a decently sized river , to save money , be cost effective , and lower power/energy usage , we can ferry people and personnel to central district of the city and my neighborhood . Maybe the ferries/boat could be turbine powered to be more energy efficient . ''
I can use the battery bike to avoid the air pollution in my home town
A scooter that can function a a hoverboard !

Think about the possibility . ''
Public Busses is best the mode of transport most frequently used in my city
A way that car can connect with other car so if you are all going to the same place they can connect GPS and it would allow the car to follow automatically the car in the front and use le gas that way .
I would love individual Segway transporter that would go from the house to the transit station . They would just fit one person and keep them dry . Only about 1 mile but just far enough in the rain not to walk . Once at the transit station , the train take you directly every 5 minute into the city . ''
My idea is a computer that detects different user and automatically switch to their profile which already ha their interest and favorite program installed on it .
My idea is to create a program that brings mobile hotspots/wireless internet to patient in hospital . Many patient are stuck in the hospital for long period of time with very little entertainment . Access to internet would allow patient to have something to do while they 're recovering . As well at the internet , providing hospital with laptop and tablet to lend out to patent who do n't have them would be even better . ''
Moving Footpath - Wondering how feasible it would be if footpath 's could move like an escalator at a moderate speed where people can hop on and get down easily .
My idea for public transportation would include an underground rail system powered by magnet . Because of the varied climate a well a prevalence natural disaster in my area , having the system underground seems like the best idea . The train would stop a lot more often than normal train ; At the end of every street at least . It would have a separate exit system in order to not lose quite a much time loading and unloading passenger . ''
I envision a moving sidewalk system in above ground tube-type structure . People would just step on the moving sidewalk and go where they wanted to , and change sidewalk at corner if they needed to . But there would also be station at each corner containing button to stop the sidewalk so people with disability can get on or off . The tube would also contain a regular sidewalk so people could walk or ride bike in bad weather . ''
Mardi Gras float carry people around town ( I live in New Orleans )
My idea for a new transportation system in my neighborhood is a series of really big tube , with padding , and occasionally air hole , with mesh filter to prevent bug and large debris from getting in . The tube would be place alongside all the street , and be at a constant forward vacuum , with enough lessening of suction to allow people to grasp a handle at their stop and get out . ( If you miss your stop , you just ride around until it come up again , pushing yourself towards the right tube a it come towards you . )



Collision between traveler would need to be solved , a well a how to clean up any errant body fluid left by traveler ; perhaps a daily purge at midnight , where the suction could be increased exponentially and all material dumped in a pile , on a rotating schedule , on different people 's lawn .



This system ha the benefit of a very low carbon footprint , and lends itself well to spontaneous exclamation of 'cowabunga ' .



Implementation note : This idea may require anti-gravity research , in addition to a lot of suction . ''
If the technology existed for it , a teleporter pad system would be really useful . Stand on the pad , a tube close around you ( to prevent others from entering and getting injured/killed ) , press a button ( presumably on a holo-panel interface that pop up , a la every science fiction movie ever ) to select your destination . When the tube unwraps ( presumably the travel would be nearly instantaneous ) , you 're wherever you wanted to be . ''
It would be like a super fast tram or train so the people in my neighborhood could get to run errand without their car . We could have stop at the entrance to the neighborhood and the track could just run down the street .
Light rail connecting outer neighborhood to the city would be good for everyone for job and business .
With the help of local body we have to introduce a small 3 WHEELER vehicle
large system of electronic small metro car and scooter . Optional tax give tax payer free use/key of all and any electric vehicle all around town . the tax itself would pay the system . Current bus station would be local of the charging station for the vehicle .
A railway system with movie and internet available
We could get a bunch of moving sidewalk . But instead of the sidewalk moving , they would just be extremely slippery . That way when a person moved onto them in a direction they could move quickly and with little effort continue going . ''
I think because my city is n't THAT big a place that take u to all the the important part is vital . You would think a bus would do that but not the one in my city . It 's just small stop .
A city bus that ha entertainment in it like movie and music
Best Car Safety Technology
A drone system where small helicopter would come down and pick up people . It would work like a bus in that it take people to drone stop .
The future of transportation in my city is by having self-automated driverless car . They would reduce the amount of traffic congestion and reduce the number of car accident .
There are solar powered bus in my neighborhood which are 100 % sustainable and operate autonomously , very much like the commuter tram at some airport such a Miami International Airport . These require no labor , and a such , have no human element involved in decisionmaking . As they are programmed to stop at interval ( designated by where the bus stop would be ) there is a set time to off-load and pick up customer . OF course , handicapped and large group can press a certain button which would allow more time and/or ramp to deploy . ''
Close some road to motorized traffic and allow only bicycle . offering a local tax incentive for bicycling
best road improve the Transportation
more bike path for people to use instead of road
You did n't clarify what sort of idea you want , but I guess it ha to do with transportation ? There could be smaller car on the road or bigger road for easier form of transport . ''
This is a hybrid airship . Technology ha developed that allows these vehicle to be more compact and use hydrogen lift cell safely . There are dozen of air ferry lifting people quietly into the air and to major city all across America . The carbon footprint of the consumer aviation industry is drastically reduced . The noise pollution of traditional airport is all but gone . The hybrid airship is the vehicle of choice in term of transportation .
Train on track . A small and slow train on preset track for people to enjoy the neighborhood .
a bus that ha little car in it to take people different place , and once it let them out the car return to the bus for others ''
A public transport system with self-driving car . You go online , select your destination and then order a self driving car to pick you up . ''
A device that monitor all your vital sign ( pulse , blood pressure , body temp , etc ) and is connected to a smart phone app that let you easily share the info with your doctor . ''
Using horse on the street .
Have driverless car available for instant call .

The car would be driving around until someone request it or parked in a parking lot until called . ''
Shared bike system - everyone ha access to a system of bicycle that are evenly distributed throughout the city via `` '' bike parking lot . '' '' Punch in a code , get a bike for the day , return it to another station later . ''
I 'd like to see the railroad track by our house be repurposed a a walking and biking route for the neighborhood . It would be really sweet if they could use that and carry the corridor all the way to the nearest town and shopping area .
In my neighborhood , any kind of public transportation would be innovative . Due to the apparent stigma of such , I would propose a lovely electric-run `` '' uber coach '' '' instead of the big ugly city bus . This could be a simple a a mini-van and could deliver u suffering commuter of Southern California from a few select and regular pick-up spot to bigger , car-pool mega spot at various freeway point . ''
lazy river in the summer
A multiple person bike system that convert all the energy created in a moderate speed . This system ha an own lane and it free for user , it an ecological way to get to any given detination . ''
an underground walkway with people mover that go from main destination
Recyclable energy
Hover-cars . Would operate without tire to road friction . Would need to be computer controlled . Could take advantage of current infrastructure for route guidance .
I think to get my idea across to someone I would make it very visual .
Side walk track , like what you would see in an airport , would benefit local transit for elderly and disabled people in my neighbourhood ''
Adult tricycle co-op . We have a lot of older people in town , but it 's a small town . Adult trike work just fine in town , and they are more comfortable for older folk . We already have bike line on main street ; we just need a group to invest in some adult trike that can be kept at a central station on the square near the courthouse . A pick-up drop-off near the two major grocery store would be helpful . ''
Small enclosed golf cart sized vehicle . Gas powered but powerful enough to not get suck in mud puddle . Top sleep of 45 mph . Looks much more like a mini hummer .
i live in twin fall idaho and we could use a bus line , i guess it is n't a new idea but yeah this is a place where there is sharp economic divide and all the business are on the rich side of town , the original town or the poor side of town `` '' old town '' '' is roughly a mile from the main drag so bus would be great for people who cant afford car and better for the environment in general ''
It 's an elevated covered roadway somewhat similar to elevated train track but it 's for bicycle and it ha a bunch of fan to provide an artificial tailwind to provide a speed comparable to car in a congested urban setting .
I 'd like to see shuttle tram in my area . It 's a small section based urban area that ha about four different area all resident will have to visit at some point in time . If we had a shuttle system that specifically transported people from a central point to the four primary destination it would incredibly reduce the use of fossil fuel , traffic , and accident in the area . ''
A new trolley system with free transportation would be beneficial since the neighborhood is n't very big and it would do well for people who could be handicap . I think the new trolley system could be hybrid -- electric and gas -- which most trolley are n't .
This is an that will assemble all associated interest and find matching interest , such a book and movie recommendation . ''
Personal transport is the very useful car travel
I would like there to be a fast speed rail such a in Japan or Germany . I picture it being accurate time-wise and capable of transporting people over great distance . I would prefer it to a bus situation .
Hyperloop install in the city with individual car that will rapidly take to any point in the city within second .
My idea is electric car that can recharge via solar and other renewable option , such that it never ha to be plugged in and will always have sufficient charge . I acknowledge technology ha not reached this point of efficiency yet , but one day . ''
What I 'd really like to see is every sidewalk turned into one of those escalator-pully thing like they have at the airport . Just a moving track so you can relax . Possibly with a few chair scattered throughout it for people to sit down .
Uber pedicab for downtown service . This service could be used downtown to help people who only have to go a short distance to get to their destination . Pedicabs are fun and instead of them having to ride around looking for people to pick up , people could request them from a phone app . ''
An elevated electric transport , that run 24/7 that traveled to and from several key location , something that used magnet maybe , that wa ultra quiet , and took up a very small footprint . ''
A local company bought and released a fleet of self-driving car for my neighborhood . All you need to do is open up their app on your phone and request a vehicle by GPS or address . It arrives in a short amount of time or you can schedule it to arrive at a certain time . For a small fee or with a subscription fee , you can be taken anywhere without owning a car . ''
A going to town app . In a rural area like where I live sometimes you avoid going to town because you do n't have a ride or you just do n't feel you can justify driving all that way just to run a quick errand . Enter an app that connects you to people along your travel rout who also need to go into town . You could flag yourself a offering a ride or needing a ride .
I think a great idea within my neighborhood would basically to have a moving sidewalk like you would find at an airport . This would allow people to move about faster than maybe they would walking , so people would n't feel the need to get in the car to go down the block to the store . ''
Moving sidewalk would help people get to the train station more smoothly .
It 's a small town . In and near the town center there will be bike lane and you will be able to access all neighborhood in an easy and safe manner . There will be bike rental kiosk throughout the area . For area outside town there could be a service with electric vehicle that you can book ahead of time and you can catch a ride to select location around town .
Hey , how about a monorail system ! I 'm not kidding . It 's not just for Disney anymore . My city run basically on a north-south and east-west grid , main street running parallel about two mile apart on both ax . Four route east-west and four route north-south should just about do it . Trams or mini-busses at each monorail stop for a comprehensive public transportation system . We are in the Sun Belt , why not use solar to power the electric monorail . It is the twenty-first century . This idea ha been on my mind for decade . It might not work for everywhere , but it could work here , and quite a few other place I suppose . ''
Space tourism . There need to be a ship that orbit Earth just slightly , that can hold 1,300+ to go sight seeing . For the extra ( willing to spend $ 1,199 ) adventurist they can space walk ! The inside should look like those luxurious ship cruise 's ! ! ! ''
Giant Ice Luge Expressway That could get people from major building across town in a matter of minute without traffic .
There are many part of my area that are n't accessible by foot or bicycle ; in order to get from one section of town to another , you have to take a highway , where only motorized vehicle area allowed . This increase automobile and public transit use . By building footpath or bike path that bypass the highway , I think that the local government could reduce traffic , and thereby reduce gas consumption and environmental pollution . ''
A trolley would be awesome in my small neighborhood since it already ha a decent grid of street
I would like to see my city connected via a light rail system which would greatly reduce traffic and emission . I envision the majority of neighborhood in the Downtown core being connected .
Publicly available bicycle could be stationed at different region of the town : different part of the University campus , the downtown square , the region of store and mall for shopping . This would allow student to be able to rent and use a bike to get around without having to own one and worry about it safety . ''
Make it so people that are at restaurant can be your delivery driver to get you food . Instead of going to the restaurant yourself you call them up and they order what you want and then deliver it to your house .
I live in a rural area so horseback travel , hay wagon travel and buckboard travel may well be decent substitute for car and bus presently being used . ''
A civilian shuttle service that is cheaper when compared to Uber or Lyft that ha a specific destination ( i.e . the airport or certain resort stop ) . It would hold around 40 passenger and you 'd have to call it in advance a if scheduling an appointment . Anyone can use it and senior and disabled would receive discount .
An automated system of cab . Not car though , more like carriage driven by AI `` '' Horses '' '' ( Imagine that new Harley electric motorcycle engine , in a short , small , bullet shaped car like you used to see on the SIDE of a motorcycle , pulling a carriage , with an AI brain controlling it ) . A system like this would have the novelty and functionality of pulling people when you wanted to , or you could just use the AI 'sidecar ' to run courier errand on the ground for company that wanted fast delivery . Think like Amazon drone without the flying , the noise or the whole 'being small enough to get shot down by a .22 and stolen ' thing . It keep the battery away from the passenger if there is ever a crash , too . Which is good because those thing can explode sometimes . The best thing about it , though ? When it 's just moving small item around for parcel delivery , it 's not wasting fuel hauling an empty cab around with it . I ca n't stand seeing people waste so much energy driving a giant SUV around with no passenger or cargo . That act alone should be a top priority for politician pushing for environmental reform to be talking about . ''
I could see a trolley style system that ran on solar panel so that there would be no wire hanging .
The way that most people travel is an invisible bridge . There are hundred of them , and they bring you directly from point A to point B with in a matter of ten minute . There is no such thing a speed limit because no one path are ever crossed . This is a government based program within the car that you program with your smart phone before leaving the house . Frequently traveled place are stored a favorite . This also cut down on the amount of late individual in the world . We therefore call it Never Late Technology . ''
Segway rental
The city is too spread out to reasonably cover everything by bus , but it would be nice to have car that you could rent by the hour . It would be convenient to reserve a car so you could do an errand further away in the county , and just drop the car off in a designated spot after you 're done . There could even be a sort of car delivery service for an extra fee . It would be like uber but you get control of the car for a set duration instead of having someone taxi you to where you need to go . ''
People should ride horse around the city . They can either ride the horse itself or go in a carriage ride attached to it . I think there is a certain charm in riding a horse or travelling by carriage . It would be a throwback to vintage type day when people rode in stagecoach . I think it could revitalize a city and make old-fashioned thing trendy again . Horses/carriages could move people around from popular destination in the city to other popular destination . Kids would love it ! `` `` Mom , let 's take the horse today ! '' '' ''
I doubt I would take a bus but having them a an option would help some people
I have an idea for a workout RPG app for smartphones . It is an app that would track your workout and depending on what you did you could level up stats and then have your character go on quest and defeat boss .
Hot DUDES pick you up . Guaranteed Big Dad quality . Perfect for KOOL chick and/or gay men and college student
Along with easing congestion and improving air quality , the benefit of enhancing public transit ''
A new type of transportation in my area would be like a double decker bus , but more level . There would be different area for kid , a lounge area , an elevator that would take you do the different level . You would pay a monthly fee and it would have a path where it would make stop . Not just a mode of transporation , but a fun transportation where you can relax and interact with people at the same time . ''
A solar powered train system . That can operate during day and night time .
A new system of transporation in my neighborhood that I would really enjoy is high speed train that could get you from one part of the city to another in 5 minute . The transportation would have ample amount seating for the fast trip and great view of the city . I would want for this train to run above the street and not over the street so some kind of over ground railway would have to be created .
a hyper tube that transport people though air
Create portable solar panel that can be used anywhere
I wrote a screenplay about bullying and I 'm going to have in turn into a comic book and a film .
My idea would be a people mover , basically like a combination of a elevator and a train . It would be a box people stand in and it glide on a track really quickly . They would look like long box and hang from long line that steer it and provide power . Their main concern would be to get many people somewhere extremely fast and efficiently , not really for comfort . ''
Self driving plane . The reason that flying car never took off wa because the high crash risk , now with autonomous car around the corner plane will be next . ''
Some kind of public transportation like light rail that go nearby would be ideal . If we could have a light rail or subway system that connects the city to the suburb that would greatly improve the traffic situation .
boat if you live on an island
Transportation which contains learning centre for time passing while travelling .
Light rail system that reach even the furthest suburb .
I would like to see a people mover like in Detroit or Miami .
Fully automated system of public transit ; similar in function to a subway but smaller and without driver ( more like the automated tram system used at airport ) . Probably using driverless car technology so it could utilize existing roadway ? You would use a passcard to enter a specialized waiting area , like a covered bus stop , at which the driverless vehicle/tram/etc would stop at and allow entry ( only to those allowed into the station ; maybe function like the turnstile in a subway ? ) . Vehicle would be the size of a small city bus but could connect to some city-run data network to find and avoid traffic stop and slowdown ( and use/switch between already existing bus lane and subway track ? ) . It could have it own roadway/railway too but it would be nice to not have to create something new . It would be more reliable than a bus system , which is rarely on time where I live , but more accessible than a subway/railway , which doe not reach enough area of my city for me to use frequently . ''
A networked bicycle system in town that let people connect for riding , either to work , or out for fun . It would get the community involved together , and do a lot better with lowering polution . ''
A new transportation system in my neighborhood could be the use of drone to fly individual in and around town , or to far off destination . The drone would fly like helicopter , but can can also be controlled using a remote control . Unlike a car which can transport several passenger , the drone would be only be able to transport one person . ''
Get rid of all car so we can rid bike and cause le pollution .
Make a game website that caters to identity politics within the game industry . Utilize the drama in the Gamergate controversy to literally pit `` '' gamers '' '' against one another on a website which allows them to set up profile and `` '' review '' '' game , `` '' identifying '' '' with game that cater to their personal view ( eg , a feminist game would have a feminist tag , a sexist game would have a sexist tag , and so on ) . Use clickbait sensationalist titling to titillate the poster and cause literal havoc with the gaming community at large . Watch the ad revenue flow freely . ''
Motorized bicycle that can be 'borrowed ' much like place that have normal bicycle . You fill it with fuel when you are done so it is ready for next user .
Bullet train a they have in Japan . We have express train in NYC , but they still take forever if you want to go downtown . A bullet train that will get you to the borough quickly would be fantastic . ''
The transportation would be efficient ; it would be green and rely on newer energy that are not dependent upon fossil fuel . It also would be future-proof , such that it would reduce and combat the issue of traffic jam and collision . We still would have private and public transportation , allowing people to make the choice of which is better for their need . There also would be strict requirement for those who choose to drive ; thus reducing the amount of likely collision . It would be affordable and allow society to continue to grow and prosper . ''
Tracks built into the bicycle lane on roadway that you can click a seat into and `` '' ride '' '' to your destination ''
Teleporters should be located a certain point in the city . A person can simply teleport to their desired location .
The system will be based off cable car . It 's cheaper and easier to put up than bridge or building tunnel . They will have their own traffic free path . The path can even intersect by having the cable much higher than the other line 's . There can be platform every so often so people can get on and off but not too many a to keep cost and commute time down .
Another idea for transportation would be automated shuttle driver for the neighborhood .

Google ha an automated car so , before long , there will be automated transportation services..why not start in a neighborhood ? ''
My neighborhood/city/state is ultra conservative- so having bike lane would be an improvement . Even though this city I live in ( Huntsville , AL ) ha more Ph.D 's per caput we are still woefully behind . Since it 's such a tech town with so many engineer though ... it would have to be something very advanced to get these engineer on board . Like some sort of train driven by magnetic rail . ''
Ticket sharing system for people who make infrequent trip into the city , or suddenly need to do several trip in a row . A group of people could collectively share a commuter pas for the train or bus system . It would be like a Netflix of commuter pass . The ticket could be held in an existing business or maybe a library , and the ticket would be checked out like a book . People would pay each day they hold the ticket . ''
My transportation suggestion ( in my town ) would be to avoid the freeway and allow me to get to work using a rail way-type system . This would be either underground or overground . This is not an something that we see on the west coast a lot , so it would be very helpful to many commuter in the town I live . ''
I would love to see more light rail transit added to Pittsburgh to alleviate some of the traffic congestion under ground
Three wheel auto two in back and one in front . 4 to 5 people can travel in it .
i prefer green transportation
A network of self driving car on demand . You set your pickup time and location via app , a well a destination and desired arrival time . ''
Drones that carry people - flying car if you will . Lucky owner will fly over traffic jam with ease and get to work in record time .
A nice way of transportation would be moveable sidewalk , like from The Jetsons . ''
Environment friendly transportation can be used to avoid global warming . So i prefer Electric train and electric based vehicle .
My transportation system would be for people to enter their own personal , flying car . The destination would be put into the onboard computer . And then the flying car would automatically proceed on the matrix . ''
I live in a small desert city with a major traffic congestion issue . However , despite the grid layout of the town , there is a diagonal irrigation canal running from the northwest corner to the southeast corner . Currently it ha some poorly maintained walking path , but that 's about the extent of it development . Now , in the desert , loss of irrigation water to evaporation under the glaring sun is an issue . I 'd propose creating a covered walkway/bike path where solar panel provide protection to the water , a well a pedestrian and cyclist . We could even use that solar energy to create small electric scooter rental/charging booth . It would provide a shortcut - a green highway from one end of town to the other . ''
It will be a tube were you go into individually you basically lay down like you are going to sleep and it sling you across a fast network of tube to you closest stop where then you just walk too it !
An app based method of ride sharing public transit . City driver in fuel efficient van would respond to requested pick ups . The pick up requested by a rider would be assigned a pick up time within a short variable of the requested pick up ( say 30 minute ) , the van will pick up multiple party near each other and drop them off at their destination similar to the shared airport shuttle . ''
I think a good idea would be a bike rental program . Bikes would be placed strategically throughout the city and everyone would have a personalized token . When you put in a token , a bike unlocks and you get to use it . When you return the bike , you get your token back . ''
A large network of rail traveling from downtown to every other part part of the surrounding area featuring energy efficient , sleek that arrive every ten to twenty minute at each station ''
A sensor that let 's the parent/ driver know that their child 's car seat is properly installed
A big massive trailer with comfortable seat , and a breakfast bar that you can sign up for so it come to your house , or a predetermined bus stop at a certain time . Everything is reserved so you must opt in . On the bus there is simple thing , such a bagels/croissants/danish etc . It 's a good way to grab a quick bite to eat before work , and wake yourself up with some coffee . The bus will use an algorithm to determine people to put on the bus that are on the way to the same destination , or a similar destination , while not going too far out of the way to pick them up . ''
A magnetic roadway system , where people move in modular pod that are controlled by a central operating system ( COS ) . Magnets underneath the street guide your pod along , and every movement of all of the pod is controlled perfectly by the computerized system , it is completely autonomous . If your whole family want to go into town , you assemble your four-pod system and take off , where traffic is optimized perfectly by the COS . If just you are on your way to work , you hop in your single passenger pod , and take off ! ''
private and public transportation
An fleet of electric hybrid pedicab . They could be rent by the mile or use driver . People could use them to ride share to their destination .
chair on rail , slow moving chair down main street that you can just hop on and ride to where you want to go ''
I live in a neighborhood near an excellent metro system , but not walkable to it . I would like a people-mover sort of system that travel through the neighborhood making the existing metro station more accessible . Perhaps small car or pod at the end of each street that travel along an elevated rail directly to the metro station . ''
My idea is roller skate rental in public park to promote physical activity in kid .
A public bus system of bus the size of van . It ha an app that show all the stop .
Moving sidewalk , much like they have in the airport . They will run on solar power to save on electrical cost . When it 's night time or cloudy , they can be charged through the kinectic energy of those that are walking on them . ''
Now Houston already have public bike station . These station allow someone to check out a bike for the day for a small fee . In some other city someone ha the choice to rent a car for the day using a credit card . The car are eco friendly and cost very little to rent . I 'm not talking about CarMax . This service is similar to the same service that is offered to rent bike here in Houston . I think Houston should think about bringing the idea to the city .
I live in a pretty population dense area where most thing people need ( like a hospital , a big job center , home , grocery store ) are pretty close to each other . I think this set up begs for a monorail . It would be elevated so would n't interfere with current traffic too much , but would provide a nice transportation system for people to take for short trip . ''
As a networking solution , all car produced after 2017 whether self-driving or not will be installed with small wi-fi repeater that work on the new bandwidth . They will broadcast wifi from 100 meter in each direction . The tech will be an industry standard and will be powered on at all time anonymously . Funding will come from toll from my tube idea . ''
I wish we had separate bicycle highway that were enclosed space , both heated and cooled for summer/winter . It would be a cheaper mode of transportation . There would be protection to prevent car v bicycle accident , a major problem in our area . It would also be healthier and exercise for the day during a commute . I picture it being a rounded space that is clear so you can see your surroundings outside . ''
Micro car rental where you can rent a car for just a short time without having to drop it off at a central office . If there 's one nearby , and it 's available , you could just take it off the street . ''
I think a trolley system would work really well here . I live in Fort Collins and the city is very centralized but the traffic is terrible - perfect for a trolley !
We need a public ferry system on the intra-coastal waterway . They should dig some canal that reach further into the neighborhood , and let people get on the boat at various stop up and down the coast . There should also be ferry going north and south in the ocean , just off-shore . Rental sea-doos for short trip would be nice to have , too , and business near the waterway should have public dock . It should be like Bangkok , Thailand . ''
Yes , would love to see deaf accessability on bus with caption when bus driver is speaking ''
Self driving car that could detect traffic/other car and could navigate to a specific location would be great in this town , especially at night to avoid accident due to intoxicated driving of college student . The car could be rented from the town and ordered similarly to taxi cab , and could drive student home from the bar for a fee without relying on very tired or intoxicated friend to do so . ''
A rail cart , that is powered by friction and capturing the head it produce while being driven down the rail , it start with a simple pedal of a bike to create enough momentum and friction to start the process going and then a soon a you produce enough energy to get it moving , it will continue to produce and move forward till you press the brake . BAM ! ''
Uber is not currently available in my area , because it is not seen a a large enough `` '' metro '' '' area . I believe that if several of the small community pooled together , there would be enough available and willing driver to start a le urban and more suburban/rural version of a paid ridesharing service . Since the community would be pooled , there would likely be driver from many different area of the community , so a larger geographic area could be served . ''
I would like to have a subterranean network of moving roller coaster type track that move people to any location in the city easily , and deliver them right to the door step of where they need to go . This could be done by having exit point from the underground network of track that bring you to specific address cluster . ''
I think that a trolly system would work well in phoenix . They would run frequently , be smaller than a bus and go into more neighborhood . ''
I 'd like to see the combination of a food truck and a taxi . This way you could grab a fresh made bite to eat while on your way to the destination . There would be a seating area in the front and a small kitchen with a service window in the back . This bus could serve hot and cold sandwich and maybe drinkable soup in cup with lid to prevent spill . Now all you have to do is hail a cab . Forget finding something to eat then looking for the cab . The food can be prepared for you onboard .
I have recently returned a small-to-mid-sized city ( 60,000+ people , down from over 125,000 at it peak ) after 20 year , and the public transportation system here is non-existent , Uber doe not exist here ( the nearest key city of 250,000+ people is 40 mile away ) , and there are 2 very small taxi company which are not cost-effective or nearby enough to be efficient to use . In a situation like this , any alternative transportation would be beneficial , a this is a city where without a car/traditional vehicle , your ability to get even basic errand accomplished is compromised greatly . The city cited low ridership and rising fuel cost to keep the giant , hulking city bus operating a the reason for cancelling the public route . My proposal would be to have smaller , and highly fuel-efficient modified Sprinter van , each serving one small portion of the community , and running a smaller amount of the fleet during off-peak hour . This would allow the most economical and efficient model for the community to have access to needed transportation . ''
I want one of those teletransporter thing that zap you from one spot to the next
I have seen a lot on the news lately about 'self-driving ' car , and I think it would be neat if this technology could someday be applied to public transportation . I think 'self driving ' bus would be an excellent mode of transportation . I think this would be particularly useful for smaller city or town that ca n't afford to have subway system . Self driving bus could be programmed to stop at every stop timely and efficiently and could save the city money by eliminating the need to hire driver and would cut out the issue of human error when it come to being on time , not showing up for work , or causing accident . ''
some type of elevated train/bus system that didnt use the same road a car
I think freelance carpooling would be a great idea . Vehicle owner can at any time turn themselves into a taxi service . The service can be run through a phone app , worker can set their own hour and rate . This would cut down on pollution , eliminate unnecessary vehicle on the road , and boost the economy overall . ''
Cars that can connect their GPS 's so when they are all going to similar location they can switch on auto drive and so all the computer can drive automatically . Once the closest stop come around it 'll make it so you have to drive the rest of the way .
Give people segway or hoverboards and then have a transport for those smaller transportation method . Sort of like a car-carrier or bus that you board with your segway or hoverboard .
It wa about the air cycle and we trying to control the air pollution
I feel that in the future there will be futuristic car that will slowly evolve away from gasoline use more natural resource for fuel . I think that the car will continue to evolve into more sustainable , aerodynamic shape and design . ''
shared self driving car that come to your door at the push of a button
I live in a very rural area , and many of the small town nearby are connected by winding road . If these place were also connected by a system of bicycle trail , it would make travel from one place to another more environmentally friendly . ''
I am thinking about a flying transport system . It should fly with balloon or air system . It should not need engine or fuel . So expence would be cheap . It should occupy 15-25 people at a time . It move with air adjustment , drag , thrust , pressure etc . The flyer land every important point in a city . So people can travel across the city with le time and money . No traffic block , signal , air pollution etc . ''
A fleet of smart , autonomous bus . ''
Cars that can drive themselves , but people do n't own them . They 're a service provided by the city and you sign up for it and call when you need a car and the nearest one come to you ''
A self driving lawn mower . Use the technology for self driving car to create a self driving lawn mower .
Self driving car that you can schedule with a phone app . Similar to Uber or Lyft but with self driving car .
Pedestrians and cyclist will develop sensing , intent recognition , and vehicle control its knowledge , skill and experience to the Safe vulnerable road user ''
I have an idea of turn my screenplay into a graphic comic series . My screenplay is an anti bullying story that focus on the consequence bullying can lead to .
Encourage biking by providing dedicated bike lane that are safe from vehicular traffic .
uber lyft or any taxi cab we are a rural area very large and town near or past 30 min away from eachother . having a taxi service would be very appreciative and would also bring more job locally throughout the whole southern part of this state really/
A network of road that we all on different level depending on which direction you were going , so that there were never any stop that needed to be made , simply merging onto an onramp/offramp which take you up or down a level or two and allows you to then merge onto the new direction you are desiring to travel . ''
The city could do a partial co pay or cheap taxi or destination bus service . a in you meet the bus at a specific pick up place but then you tell the address you want , no designated stop . ''
It would be something like a tram . However , it would not need cable therefore not make the street appear uglier . People would be able to jump on it anywhere on the street . That wa people could ride it wherever they want not having to get off at specific stop . ''
Horse and buggy . A horse and buggy that pick up people and take them on ride in the neighborhood .
It would be cool it we had a monorail type system throughout the neighborhood that doe a simple circle and take kid or adult from the neighboorhood into the town/school area .
There will be tram and light rail that dont run on rail but use the earth 's magnetic field or solar power a motor , instead of bus . There will be free wifi in them . People will be using bicycle or just walk it to get from point to point . ''
The future transportation system in my neighborhood would be a ZIPLINE system . I do n't think it would be difficult or expensive to do . I would follow the existing powerline layout and safely install zipline hardware such a cable and pulley .
A bus with live performer
Invest tax money into developing solar powered car , this will reduce pollution along with reducing reliance on oil . Give citizen some kind of incentive to buy these car and turn in their old gas-powered car . ''
Subway system underground , moving sidewalk on the ground ''
My neighborhood need a car share system between individual . It would be similar to Uber but you would be able to drive someone else 's car for a monthly fee .
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil . Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function a a vessel for a variety of reason .
I imagine a series of widening arch or loop of roadway and of several different size to accompany different type of pubic transport . Cars would n't be allowed in the city but stored at various exit point garage which would be provided by the city . Small road would have small shuttle , large road would have large fast moving shuttle that span the city . Independently , smaller walkway would be used for pedestrian and cyclist ( and other man powered or tiny engine machine . ) Larger walkway could become festival street fair type road that are common in place like Greece . ''
I would love to see more path in my neighbourhood . I like a little bit outside of town so it would be nice to have some path that you could ride bike or scooter on . Perhaps some underpass under the busy road .
Something like a bus stop , however you would be picked up and dropped off by someone who might be passing through , other driver , company vehicle ( like UPS truck ) , etc . ''
Unfortunately , I live in a very small/rural town , so future transportation system would likely be simple public bus transit . ''
Six different mode of powered vehicle ; some motorized , some human powered . Some are single person transport , others are large , mass transit . ''
There should be government funding to give everyone bicycle .
It 's like a bus , but for bike . You just ride your bike onto the bus via a ramp in the back , then some clamp hold your bike . You then just ride off . ''
Continuous moving walkway , intersection become difficult and require actual step to change direction but pretty much a conveyor belt for people . We 'll power it by harnessing the energy from all the water moving in the sewer pipe . ''
invent solar bike , car , etc. , ''
If we could be so technologically advanced to create giant version of the airport conveyor belt where human are carried across , that would be my new method of transportation . Since people are mostly lazy and want something to do the work for them ( hence the upcoming popularity of the hands-free segway ) , this would be perfect to eliminate at least a fourth of the traffic on the street from car . ''
I would like to see a system built around `` '' people mover '' '' - similar to the ride that wa once at Disneyland . It would run underneath the ground - under the traffic . Each car would hold one or two people with large reclining chair and a docking station for your laptop so you can watch movie , play game or actually do work . ''
I imagine people using hoverboards and personal flying vehicle for transportation in the future . Personal helicopter specifically and hoverboards similar to the one in back to the future .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT . BECAUSE IT PREVENTS MORE FUEL CONSUMPTION OF THE MOST VECHICLES . IT HELPS OUR ECONOMY
A human-sized slot-car system . Where car run independently self-driving down a track through electricity like a trolley car , but just big enough for a regular sized family ( in other word size of a regular car ) . In order to move faster car can link up by matching speed and then essentially `` '' plugging '' '' into the car ahead of it . This could go much faster than regular car and not have any of the problem associated with regular self-drive car seeing a they move on a track . ''
A shared vehicle/ carpool incentive program .
Kind of a monorail system that go from stop in neighborhood and take people to a stop near the store , etc . Open top with a cover , no need to heat or cool , would n't run in extreme weather . ''
There should be a bus that stop for people holding VIP sign that they paid for , so they can get picked up at more spot . ''
There will be a system for elderly and handicapped people . They will pick up people from their house and take them where they need to go .
magnet driven individual pod monnrail type public transport
We could have tube going from the center of the city and increasingly farther out in each direction . A person could fit in the tube and it would suck them to the other end quickly . It would then have a pad to stop them at the end .
Alternative transportation could be taking a trolley that would be the same cost a a local bus .
The transportation system would be a combination of road with car and a railroad track . All of the car would be connected and be able to drive themselves . Cars would all be on track and controlled by the car itself . This would lower accident and allow for better traffic . Cars would be able to accelerate much faster a there is no driver intervention and you do n't have to wait for other car to accelerate or worry about where other car are going .
Human-sized pneumatic tube transport . People would step into human-sized transport cylinder which would then be sent to their final destination through a network of pneumatic tube that run beneath the city street . This transport method wa used extensively in the past for smaller scale item like mail and small package . There is no reason it could n't be scaled up to transport people a well . This concept could be compared to the proposed Hyperloop but on a smaller scale to transport idividuals over shorter distance within a city .
all the vehicle have very important our life .
Rentable car that can be signed out online or on an app on your phone . All you would need to sign up is a driver 's license .
Rikshaw taxi service
It would be a free system ( every family in the neighborhood would have to contribute $ 300- $ 400 a a one time fee ) . Then the bus would run through the neighborhood every hour and take you to anywhere in the neighborhood that you need to go ! You would be able to text the driver before hand of where you are going .
I live in a rural community about 1 hour from a city . I would like to see this area build a light rail commuter line that could link these isolated community and boost the economy . Many people out here do not even have car .
Use a sky train
The idea of having only driverless car . No one will own a car . You just send a message through a driverless car app . The car closest to you will come pick you up . The car will also have the ability to carpool ( picking up people going in the same direction ) . The car should also have the ability to go to a gas station on their own .
Cars that are Google GPS operated that are car pool car like taxi . You pre pay and schedule ahead of time and then they come and pick you up on time and take you to work on time . It cost the same a gas so it is just efficient and environment saving .
It would be hard to have a viable system in my neighborhood , because this area is so scattered . I think the best idea would be a bikeshare ; inexpensive access to bike would be a great idea ! The bigger issue would be making our area bike-friendly . That 's the part the requires creativity . We could add extra lane and then add over/underpasses at intersection to make bike not just inexpensive , but even more time-effective than driving . ''
I would make the ridesharing technology industry better and safer for everyone .
I would like to see magnet-driven train that would not only connect all the part of my very spread out city , but also could connect the major city in the state together . Ideally , these would be largely automated , but with several emergency safety feature , like an onboard override cabin and override booth at each station . There would also have to be a central monitoring hub to keep an eye on the system in general , that in the city would likely have to be run underground , but above ground track would be possible between most city , allowing passenger to avoid traffic and enjoy the wonderful view at the same time . Magnetic drive and perhaps even levitation would help with getting passenger around in snow storm , which often disrupt traffic here in the winter . ''
A phone that can also be used a a credit card .
Public transportation should be free a few time per month -- maybe one weekend day or holiday , and one working day . This will cause le people to drive and improve the environment , and bring in more transportation money to the city . Also , it would urge people to tell their elected official to improve public transportation so that they can take advantage of it more . ''
In the downtown area , station to rent bicycle or even moped . Maybe you could have a really cheap membership and present your card at the check out station . Then you would return it at another check out station . It would cut down on how much people use car . The key would be having enough station to actually get the bike or moped to make the idea viable . ''
A new railway system ! We do n't have any train or railway anywhere near the area I live in .
Drone hovercraft school bus
Tubes that move people around . You get in a little part of the tube and press a button and shoot you wherever you need to go in the city .
It would be a very good idea to come up with some kind of effective carpooling system in my area . I live in a rural place , but there could be a central park-and-ride lot built along the major thoroughfare to make carpooling simpler . Perhaps an app could be developed to run the carpooling system so that everyone is on the same page . ''
I would love to see a social network for people that work for a certain business . This social network would allow you to find ride from other employee that live in your area . Every business would have an account at this website , and employee who want to pick up other employee can volunteer . Maybe a $ 5 fee per person each week to account for gas money , but it could be like it would tell you who life within 10 mile from you that work where you do , and you can ride share or carpool with them . It would be almost like a social network where you can talk to other employee you do n't know and then you can ride together or take turn driving . ''
I envision a bike rack where you can check out bike that also have an electric motor . You swipe your credit card ( or some sort of near field smartphone transaction , etc ) and pay a small rental fee . If the bike is lost or stolen your card will be charged appropriately . You can ride around the downtown , college campus , etc , and at the end of the day check the bike back into another ( or the same ) bike rack . ''
Using train and bike will be good transportation mode which reduces cost of living and be good a they wont harm atmosphere .
Automated google car taxi service !
A ride pool system like uber that us van to take people to similar destination . Like an employee car pool , but done by a third party . Blend of employee car pool , and lyft line ( I think that 's what it 's called ) . ''
Conveyor belt on every sidewalk .
There is no bus system so my idea is for a bus system in my area . I live in a suburb of a small town and there is no bus out here . It would be nice to have one . Sometimes I do n't have access to a car and maybe this bus could help me get to the store or church . I would also like the bus system to be able to take me to the small town to go shopping and stuff .
Maybe a scooter sharing service
A rent a bike system . Solar powered bike could be rented for 1 $ and returned at different station for a refund of 1 $ .
Tampa , FL is one of the largest metro area in the country without any sort of rail system , and traffic is bad . I would love to see a commuter rail system in our town , with a downtown hub and then line extending north to the Wesley Chapel/Lutz area , out to Brandon , and then another line out to the Westshore/Airport area . ''
BathroomFinder- click a button and it will tell you where and how to get to the closest bathroom . Great for that pregnant wife , your little boy with a baby bladder , and you when you are too drunk to be in public . BathroomFinder- Bringing you and porcelain together . ''
The Car is a tech-related industry . Personal transport in the best transport most frequently used in my city .
An elevated wagon wheel shaped , high speed rail system would be excellent . The outer ring would be bi-directional allowing quick transport around the city . The spoke would be bi-directional and allow quick transport from inner and outer within the quadrant . ''
It would be effective to create a bike club in my neighborhood . We would choose at least 1 day a week to ride our bike to work decreasing neighborhood traffic and air pollution . This bike club would host meeting once a month and reward people who rode the most day to work that month incentivizing people to ride more often .
Bike-pooling ! Surrey bike ( bike with multiple seat ) could be used to get people healthy and move more than one person at a time .
Micro Chips for kid
I think that community car that attribute to car pooling would be wonderful .
a system of bike that one can rent for free . Bike rack are located every few mile . People can use a key to scan and take out a bike , and return it at any of the rack in the area . ''
Community electric trollies . We do n't have any type of public transport except bus , and it would be especially nice to have something environmentally friendly ! ''
Making a Difference in Your Neighborhood : Using Community Decision-Making to Improve the Lives of Children , Youth and Families is for Local Decision Making Learning Guides ''
Combine google glass with facial recognition , so that the glass tell you the name of everyone you see ''
We have alot of public trail it would be nice to have a big wheeler or large golf cart that could get u to the trail and back . I think more people would use them if they had a way to get there and could be picked up if they got tired etc .
make more bus available with more bicycle carrying capacity
I live in a small , rural town . I think a little van/bus that drove around town would get most people where they wanted to go .

These are people that could n't walk or ride a bike , of course . We have flat land , and lot of sidewalk , so I see a small bus , constantly circulating a a good answer . ''
I believe a rail car in the middle of the road would be great to take you from one part of the city to the other . This would obey normal traffic rule , but would be a no to low cost solution to transportation that would also drastically decrease DUI and traffic incident due to alcohol . ''
Although nationwide there ha been a rise in alternative fuel source , there is absolutely no support for that in my city . I think there should be an alternative fueling station installed to get people interested in adopting these technology , and to show local support for the progressive idea . ''
My neighborhood ha no transportation system . So a simple bus would help .
A tax write-off for driving stranger to work . This way , the stranger doe n't have to pay for the ride , the person driving still get ample benefit for dropping someone off on the way to their job and the like . There could be a little schedule online you fill out saying where you 're going , and at what time .



People who are interested in being helpful can go to this site , find out whats on their way , and scoop up the people . Think uber , but instead of money , just get a dollar or two back on your tax for every single person you pick up .



You 'd be able to rate the driver , and in order for them to be eligible for the write off , they 'd need to maintain a high rating . If anyone abuse it , or miss picking people up , they are barred from using it for a few month . ''
Carpooling : An app can be developed that give location and destination and time of departure so that people in proximity can click in app to book their seat in the going car .
I think that something that would dramatically improve public transport is by having an app or some kind of network in place where people at bus stop check in with a card or something to pay for ride so that bus driver know if there 's anyone at a stop ahead of time . This would allow for a dramatic increase in overall efficiency by reducing the need to stop at stop that no one want to get on or off at . More importantly I think that it would be safer if driver did n't have to visually scan to see if there wa anyone who wanted to get on the bus , especially at night when it is dark and difficult to see potential passenger . Having a dashboard that notifies if there are new passenger at the next stop wherever the bus is in the city would go a long way to improving overall travel time and improving the overall efficiency of public transit by being more efficient volume wise . ''
Have an app for parent of kid who go to the same school where they can carpool and share ride to the same event . I live in a climate where these is severe weather so telling people to walk and ride bike is only good in the summer !
I would build a network of road above the ground that are all made specifically for bus and train system . Instead of having to deal with the car traffic , it would be rewarded to take the public system and it would be very fast . It also would have very few stop so you could get to your destination faster ''
we have a unique opportunity to leave for the next generation a transportation system better than the one we inherited .
A more affordable public transit ( or shuttle bus ) that is crowdsourced/crowdfunded and take passenger anywhere within a certain radius ( e.g . 30 mile radius , etc. ) . ''
I like the idea of transportation via crowdsharing of bicycle . There 's something like that already in my city , but you can only pick up the bike in certain area . I wish there wa a way to share bicycle via an app like Lyft or Uber , when someone is done with the bike you can pick it up near them when you are in the area . ''
There should be personal cheap , reliable helicopters/aircraft that a person can use to avoid traffic and travel to their desired location . ''
I wish we could get treadmill bike . I saw a quick video of one invented in the U.K . I think . You walk on it and that power a motor so you can move quickly even if you are just walking . We have many runner and walker in our city , but only on trail or park . If you could use them on the street to actually get place it would be wonderful . You would also have to add some sort of safe parking place so they do n't get stolen a I 'm not sure you can lock them up . ''
Transportation that would allow people to rent out electric self driving car . This would let people have car pick them up at whatever location they want and have the car autonomously drive to their destination . Similar to a fleet of self driving electric taxi . This would greatly reduce the cost of transportation in my opinion because people would not have to buy car but could rather rent or lease them .
An alternative transport that would be excellent would be a monorail in my city . It could be run with electricity , with many train car , and go along the main north south route . You could get almost anywhere in quickly and easily if it went along that route . ''
Develop flying car and use those , or use car that can extend up vertically to go above normal car . ''
I imagine a train line that ring the entire city , with interstitial line to service the downtown area . ''
Alternative energy powered vehicle . Using electricity , sunlight , and other renewable source can be beneficial to society . Imagine if every car , motorcycle , bus , stopped using gas . ''
I wa thinking of underground tunnel that you could access from certain point -- not for a subway . Instead , you get in the tunnel and you have the option to take various tunnel to certain destination using your preferred mode of transportation : razor scooter , roller-blades , running/walking . You can check out a scooter at an entrance , drop it off at your destination . that way you never have to bring it with you , the entrance would have them on hand . or you can just run/walk if you want and it would be out of the cold/hot/rain/snow/sun , etc ... ''
A transportation system would include wide use of self-driving car to facilitate efficiency and safety . Cars may be privately owned , or there may be a pay-as-you go or contract type system if you do not wish to own a vehicle . There would also be a total bike lane system for those who prefer to ride bicycle . The bike lane would be much safer than what exists now . ''
I live in the suburb so all the rail line converge on the central city . It would be nice if there wa a light rail system that linked the different major suburb together . You could connect it to the line going to the city and across the country .
a bus system that let you rack up point for reward
It would be an underground bullet train system that connected major hub around the city . It would take only minute to get from one station to the other across town . There would be train system at each neighborhood of the city , and you could get on an off at any stop in the underground tunnel.You would pay with a chip card so that you would n't need to carry cash or change . The bullet train would be large capacity so that overcrowding of bus would be a thing of the past . ''
Something like Uber but with people on motorbike than can weave in and out of deadlocked traffic during rush hour
transportation vehicle
AutoTram - The network of AutoTram track criss-cross major street and also cut across the city in subterranean tunnel . Instead of larger vehicle that carry many people , but have rigid , pre-defined route , the AutoTram is reserved through the internet , and will pick up and drop off several small group of passenger who have stop along an arithmetically chosen route . ''
My idea is to have shoe that you can wear at the beach . It would have a filter to sift the sand out .
Public transit is by robot rickshaw . These rickshaw are powered by solar energy and their fuel is sea water . Long distance are covered by tram that run on biogas . Individuals will use electric car run by recyclable , rechargable battery only and the fool is human or dog/cat excretement . ''
Uber limo . Essentially uber but for big group of people that want to look like ballers .
De-centralize supplier so everything is within walking distance of everyone .
Self driving car that you can schedule to arrive with an app on your smartphone . It will pick you up and take you anywhere , and it 's all automated . No dealing with driver or people . It run efficiently and clean with electric vehicle . ''
I would like our city to have a railway system like downtown Miami . Its computer operated and is over ground . This mean it wont impact traffic at all . Its a fast and easy service and it going to make thing easier for all .
Create a track system for car traveling long distance on the interstate . Cars could enter the track , and the track would control the vehicle speed and direction eliminating the need for driver participation until the need to exit . ''
The new transportation in my neighborhood is by teleportation ! There will be a number of disc on the floor , coated in white paint , that people will step on and be teleported to wherever they would like to be . There is a catch - you have to do jumping jack to get the teleporter started ! ''
Geo tracking pet collar . People love there dog and cat . I think there are people who would be willing to pay for a dog collar with a geo tracking device embedded in the collar . If the dog get loose and run away the owner is able to know exactly where the dog is so s/he can be rescued .
I would like to imagine being able to create a app and that us credit card . and invent a motorcycle scooter that ha a huge row of seat in the back and run like a mini van and use it a a taxi service . for only the city that I live in and name it Go Scooter transportation .
A public transit teleporter using hadron cannon technology . It would break down every molecule in the body , transport them and then reassemble them . It would be painless and incredibly fast . ''
CYCLING-increased cardiovascular fitness , muscle strength and flexibility .

http : //s20.postimg.org/gvfcqz1e5/images.jpg ''
Can use a taxi hailing service in my neighborhood to get from one point to another . It is relies on a service car and worker .
The transport tech-related industry very used in Technologies .

the middle people transport Public Busses and Railway/ Trains/ Subways is used in Technologies ''
Light rail . Basically , street card running between the most popular stop . They do n't have to run everywhere , but on their route they 'd be more efficient than bus . You count put the rail on the side of the street , near the sidewalk . ''
A moving sidewalk with seat . You could get on and off easily . In the high density corridor , this sidewalk would have seat that you sit on and would move you down the corridor . Getting a person with a wheelchair four block can be a big problem . You would just roll onto this moving sidewalk and they would be moved . ''
As a socially awkward recluse who doe n't drive , I want to be able to call an automated system for a driver-less taxi . I want the option to pay online via debit/credit , gift card or Paypal or have the option to insert bill into the car door before being able to enter . I 'd like to be able to pick my music genre for the ride a well . ''
a wind tunnel that can move people by air
An electric bicycle train . Everyone ha their own bike , but they can all hook up to a belt that would transport them at the same speed and direction in a safe manner , maybe even on it own road . ''
For the future we introduce solar bike .
An automated monorail like system that go through the entire community at a regular interval day and night .
A floating sky rail . Where There are different rail line that intersect all over the sky .
Golf cart rental - similar to bike rental , but golf cart can hold family . With a small membership fee , you can rent a golf cart for an hour or a day . Return golf cart back to another station when you 're done . ''
A bicycle taxi service
Railway tunnel off of the highway ( outdoor subway ) to provide a fast paced mode of transportation on busy street that work with a system like uber that will have driver readily available at each location . More for suburban area , not large city area that have subway/rail system . ''
The new transportation is a light rail that also includes trolley service for my neighborhood and city . For $ 1.00 each way , the light rail run from east to west and from north to south . In addition , the light rail run until midnight Monday through Friday and 24 hour a day on weekend . The light rail take you to all major event in the city and portion of all fare go to pay for school resource in the community . ''
I hope to see people in flying vehicle in my neighborhood in the future . I would also like to see more amphibious vehicle .
A traveler us an app or call a number to set up a pickup location and destination . An automated taxi pick the traveler up and take him/her to a hub . The traveler transfer onto a sky train . The sky train is either a fast monorail or a helicopter . The sky train departs to a hub closest to the destination . The traveler get off and enters another automated taxi , which finish taking him/her to the destination . ''
It would be great if there wa a scooter share like there is with bicycle . Something where you swipe your credit card and drop it off at any station thats convenient to you .
Solar/Electric hybrid scooter .
A solar scooter that run on solar energy . It ha a back up battery and ha retractable pedal for emergency manual power .
I see many Hydrogen cell powered vehicle on road in next 5-10 year . Hybrid vehicle will also gain popularity .
Buses are the best . The best thing would be way more bus stop so we do n't have to walk a far . it would be even better to have longer hour that they are running . maybe an app could tell the driver to stop at specific location where someone is ready to be picked up instead of at traditional bus stop . that would be great .
Rent car for a day . Each city ha a system where you can rent car for a certain amount of time for a fee .
Self-driving car will be the near future vehicle which can transport people to location that is much safer for driver and fellow passenger .
High speed rail train
A bicycle rental system that allows town-owned bicycle to be `` '' checked out '' '' at various location throughout the city , and returned to any of several location . This will encourage people to ride bike , even if they do not own them themselves . ''
An app that worked somewhat like Uber , but is for ride-sharing/car pooling . You put in your destination , whether you can drive or not , what time you need to be to your destination , and an acceptable range for the location . The app would look for others with similar destination or destination en-route for others a well a the best route to minimize drive time , but maximize people getting to their destination . Then the app would calculate a fair percentage of the ride cost for each person based on their destination , travel distance , etc . Public transportation here is n't great because we are so spread out . After each ride you could rate other passenger and the driver and those rating could be used to filter out bad user entirely or just below a certain rating level . ''
We all have very light buggy made out of balsa wood . There would be a sail equipped on all the buggy . Wind driven buggy .
I get out of my house and before I leave my apartment on my 12th floor I just press a button on my app on my phone to type a location of the place i need to go.This would in turn contact all local data base system of GPS based transport system irrespective of the vendor available or government supported transport system which include Cabs , Buses , Trains , Subway,3 Wheelers and most importantly assuming the people of the future will care a lot more about the environment and all the people who are going alone in a 5 seater car would have a option of sharing there carbon footprint left by the vehicle.And if the co-ordinate of the person with the car and the co-ordinate of the Person who is using the app match then a Random Unique ( one time use ) Number or Picture or Anything which would be visible from atleast 10 foot away on a Min 6 inch screen.However this interface can be avoided by tracking the dot on the GPS system or by sending a snap shot of the car number or a photo of the person himself which will be destroyed automatically by the system once the person is down from the Vehicle.Punch Line Before I get to the main gate of the apartment.I should have the list of Vehicles available to me and the time it would take the vehicle to reach my place based on GPS and traffic condition and also how much time would it take to reach my destination again based on real time traffic condition and also most importantly.if i take the public transport system.How much time would it take to reach the same destination and also how much Carbon foot print would i save from doing it.And also the time required by the vehicle to reach the local transport system if it is not a walkable distance.There are many more , But i think that is enough for the day .

GIVE THE CUSTOMER ALL THE POSSIBLE OPTIONS OF COMMUTING WITH THE CARBON FOOTPRINT AND THE COST AND THE TIME INVOLVED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE VENDOR OR GOVERNMENT SYSTEMS ... ''
good idea
Transport which will use to track people who are travelling
Lightspeed travel , get to where I want in second . ''
I live in a small village . Everything is close together , so it might be possible to have a bicycle share program . Bicycles could be borrowed and then returned to the same place or a different place . This would allow people to get around without using car . ''
Conveyor belt on the sidewalk , similar to the one on the airport , would n't be a bad idea . This would be perfect if you live near lot of store , like a grocery store , drug store , post office , shopping center , etc . This will cut back on driving . ''
A new innovative transportation system would be automated car . They can pick you up and drop you off wherever you need to be .
CAR IS GOOD FOR FAMILY DRIVE .

SCOOTER IS BEST FOR SINGLE ONE

BUS IS SUITABLE FOR LONG TRAVELLING

TRAIN IS BEST FOR LONG TRAVELLING WITH FAMILY

BICYCLES ARE MAINLY USED FOR EXERCISE AND SCHOOL CHILDREN ''
I think some sort of short-distance electrical flying transit system would be great to get from the suburb to the city . Not far enough for a train , no need for a large station like for a train or subway , faster than bus . ''
We have to introduce the use of bicycle in our locality
Imagine street that are great for bicycling , walking , taking transit and just for enjoying in our neighborhood ''
an app that take into account both traffic and train congestion , a well a the speed to walk or bike , to tell you the fastest mode of transport to a destination . For example , train might typically be quicker to get from A to B , but when train are spaced 20 minute apart late at night and there is no traffic , driving/taxi would be faster . ''
have soft landing missles `` '' shoot '' '' passenger from the suburb to the city and back ''
In time of heavy snow , why not have cross country ski rental ? It would be a lot of fun to be out and about on ski . People could easily learn and have lesson . People complain all the time they ca n't get their car out after a storm . Well , why not rent some ski and go to the grocery store that way for your bread and milk ? It would be very effective and wonderful exercise . ''
We could have helicopter that move from certain place in the city to farther one . Somewhat like a light rail system but from different end of the city . It could make jump to each different port that would be faster than any other travel .
i live in a somewhat smaller town in rural virginia . everything is super accessible and easy to get to . our town is gold cart friendly . my idea would be a cab service , but with golf cart . it would be a super fun way to help people get from point A to point B. it would also encourage safer driving . ''
There should be a free bus that run from several location ( school , downtown , etc ) to the train station on a loop all day and weekend . People would be able to hop on and off with ease . ''
We would ride hovercraft to a monorail station . The monorail would take u to work , school , etc . ''
Provide the ability to rent segway at certain location in town .
build a so many sub way train
Idea 1 . Semi conductor can be design in such a way that it can be RE-USED .

Idea 2 . Renewable energy - the cost of the solar cell ha been going down a lot , the labor to install them ha n't , and that 's an area where innovation can help . ''
Hover board
We should come up with a car service system that can be computer operated and you can have it just by dialing a number . It would be like a railway system but with car .
Tunnels , a series of tunnel to and from various node around the neighborhood , with access at most corner . These would have flat conveyor to make movement faster than normal walking much like in airport but also be underground to be out of the way and avoid unpleasant weather . ''
a large open vehicle that move slowly on wheel around the downtown area , carry about 25 people ''
biking system , where people can rent bike and use them and drop them off at other station . ''
A new transportation system can be something somewhat like a train , but a small train like shuttle , which can take others around the neighborhood , easy , fast and no traffic . ''
This is the best way to get around
There is no public transportation in my neighborhood . We do not even have sidewalk for pedestrian . It is a major problem that I wish could be fixed , but no one care about rural city . ''
I am visually a bus like transportation system that travel on something like rail which are suspended from above . The rail are not supported by concrete system from below . Specialized bus will travel on these rail without causing disruption of regular road traffic . When it nears a bus stop , the bus will stop and drop itself down to the level of the regular road , open the door and let the passenger in and out . Once the door close it will climb up to the to the level of the suspended rail and travel forward on the rail . ''
A train to the beach . The beach is about an hour from our town ( or three hour with summer traffic ) , and all traffic to the beach come through our town due to an important bridge . We could have a train that leaf from our town , or other stop nearby , and then express to the beach . People would need extra room for luggage - or you could couple it with a luggage delivery system . It would cut down on time to the beach and the number of car on the road . ''
we introduce highly integrated solar vehicle .
One person car . That 's right . A one seated car that allows one individual to have complete control . What is this solving you may ask . Why create a bigger vehicle for and individual who ha no use for it . Just a one door car that ha a seat , a gear shift and a steering wheel . There are still creature comfort that are compact and accessible for each individual . Best part , they are one fifth of the price . ''
Taxi-style self-driving car which can be summoned via app and hired for longer journey , or which would at least serve rural area . Cars would probably have to be stationed at depot on the outskirt of town , activating and driving off when pinged . ''
I would say the biggest way to improve innovating is to have all new construction be made in regard to current public transporation hub and those that cnanot be require them to build a public transportation hub . So all new community have bus access or train access .
ziplines would be awesome but im not sure it would be doable
I live in a town with a lot of freight train . A subway system would be nice because it would get u place faster ( the town is large in size and spread out over several mile ) and be able to bypass the train , which stop constantly . The subway would run either over the existing train or under them and run off of card that were prepaid like the MTAs . ''
All vehicle are electric . Anyone who wish to purchase an electric moped will receive a yearly rebate to reward them for purchasing a smaller mode of transportation that is environmentally friendly and wo n't congest the road quite a much .
With the limited parking available in our neighborhood , I would like to see a service that would allow u to park our vehicle in a large lot at the front of the neighborhood and ride in a cart with a driver to our home . It would make the congestion much better by cutting down on the amount of people that would be parked along the street and blocking the lane . ''
I would love a subway system , along the most popular route . Make it a green a possible . ''
hover craft that you could rent for the day
Flying taxi car ?
Human sized drone . Highspeed rail like Japan has.Self driveable car with an uber type interface . ( cab driver r terrible people )
Independent tram car network . Tramcars are on track in a separate lane so a to avoid interfering with car traffic . They can be customized for destination ( any queueing station on the network ) , so rider do n't have to wait for a specific `` '' route '' '' to pick them up , like they do with bus . Each station is a place where the tramcar or `` '' pod '' '' can queue up , awaiting customer . Riders scan a magnetic card that automatically charge their card a flat rate ( or distance-based rate ) to enter . Sharing is allowed ! This keep thing simple and encourages cooperation where possible . ''
Water Transport - The cost of maintaining and constructing route is very low most of them are naturally made .
An idea for getting around my city would be public Segways or other riding device that you could take from station to station and plug back into a machine to charge up . Obviously , anti-theft measure would have to be in place , but this could be really great in helping people get around . ''
Self-driving motorcycle
I think we should have a bicycle share program ! Where people leave bicycle around the city for people to borrow to get from place to place . They would just leave the bicycle out for the next person to use .
ai controlled vehicle so we can eat and do thing during the commute
Along any road , there can be a big truck that bicyclist , skateboarder , roller bladers , etc can hold on to to they can get a break and a boost in speed . Whenever they need to get off , they just let go and get to their destination under their own power . There can be loading area where the truck slows down to let people on . There can be sign and road marking to signify this . ''
Hoverboards , such a the one that Tony Hawk endorsed , which use track which are magnetized , such a a MagLev train , have track going throughout suburb and city and we can get around with almost no friction , only air drag and spend le energy getting around . ''
Basically a taxi system but for bus or larger car . It would operate exactly how current day taxi system operate but it would only use large bus or van .
Help public transit bring people to holiday event , fair , festival and sporting event in my community . Be sure to with my local public transit system ''
A VEHICLE RUNNING WITHOUT PETROLEUM PRODUCTS SHOULD BE ENCOURAGES AND SHOULD BE DEVELOPED

ALTERNATIVE TO THAT IN FORM OF BATTERY , SOLAR SHOULD BE FOUND , IN ORDER TO AVOID UNWANTED

EXPENSE AND POLLUTION . ''
Fly for smart phone
A chalkboard based on the same technology a a Magna-Doodle . No more buying chalk or marker .
Tubes that are linked together and are wide enough to fit a person laying down . People get in a capsule and are delivered in great speed to their destination by using compressed air or other method . You can have tube terminal all over the city .
the picture look great
A sort of snowmobile with wind protection and heated so you can get to work or the store on day when we 've had a lot of snow . I live in Michigan and there are day when you ca n't get out of your driveway .
A bike path that ha a divider between the road and the bike path . A dedicated bike path that ha a sense of security could encourage more people to bike around town since they would n't need to share the road with car .
Transportation which have free wireless connection for the passenger !
monorail high speed that take your from the north side of town to the south side and all the way to the airport
Electric ( gas-free ) bus .
I would implement a ride share program that would allow people to automatically help the driver pay for gas and wear and tear on the vehicle . It would make the shared ride cheaper overall , and provide incentive for a driver to want to share their ride . ''
I think that adding an additional transport from the northern part of the city to the southern with either minimal stop or removing the need to use road so that there is le traffic would be beneficial . If that could skip stop and merely go 2 place which are a fair distance apart , I think that would be even more beneficial . ''
A series of futuristic tube that propel a person from one place to another
Moving platform that function like traincars and moving sidewalk put together . They would go above road , have railing on each side and be like bus with bus stop . You could buy a thing like a bus pas that allows you x number of ride , so that you do n't have to have cash on your person to be able to get on it . It would run from neighborhood to main city area and only be running when people call for it/use it to save money on electricity/gas/whatever ''
Self-driving car where the car are guided on directed route by computer . The car are not owned by any one person but are paid for using some sort of subscription service , so they are common property of user . ''
Create spring loaded shoe so people can jump around everywhere . This will reduce pollution and help people travel great distance .
Self-driving vehicle will be linked into a computerized grid that will adjust traffic flow and density to most efficiently transport people from point A to B .
A both walking and bike lane that provides safety from traffic , is well lit , and connects key location around the neighborhood . ''
horse drawn carriage
Public transportation that may have a few bike on the front that you can borrow/rent . Having the bike attached to public transportation could help you to go further and maybe get around another city that ha other thing to offer , other than your own , where you may use the bike at hand . ''
A mutli-layed monorail system that is solar and wind powered . I leave in la vega , which ha a centralized population . It would go up and down the strip and between the strip and downtown and around the city . ''
Ultimate monkey bar . People are too fat in my area , forcing them to travel via monkey bar across the neighborhood should help not only with emission decrease , but weight decrease a well ! There will just be an overhead system running the length of the sidewalk at 7 foot high so no one get hurt if they fall . ''
This idea is called 'Rolling taxi ' . The system is a large ball . single large ball . Inside the ball , people can sit . People sit or stand at the centre of the ball . As ball roll on specially made road the centre region doe n't move . The centre region where people sit is attached to the inner surface of the ball in a special manner so that people do not move . The speed and direction of the ball can control using technology . The ball roll all across the city with people inside on a special track . Speed is high and expense is le . Also it is fun . ''
So consider the sidewalk and route around the stop .
Bicycles with wheel like train are placed on rail and whoever is going to the market take this bsicycle and with little bit of paddling the bicycle can reach the destination . There should be distance system where two bicycle should be impossible to collide .
We could use a street with magnet that support other car that could be used a bus for a fraction of the cost in gas .
Car that use no gas
I imagine a system in which relatively small bus transport rider efficiently to the numerous train/rail stop for a high-speed railway system .
A hoverboard lane just like bikers !
My idea is to have a service like zipcar in which someone rent the use of a car by paying a monthly fee except that it would be moped for individual or something larger like a pick up truck . Just more option than a small smart car . I used to live in Tokyo and driving a car there wa awful but not something like a moped or motorcycle because they could ride in between the car . A larger vehicle like a pickup truck would be good for people who need to rent something to haul furniture or something like that but do n't want to drive all the way to a car rental place or Lowe 's to get the truck . Everything would be rentable using an app and the car would feature opening the door and starting the car through the app itself .
The city ha recently built a set of rollerblade kiosk that allow people to rent skate in their size . By putting in their cash or credit card , they can rent them to go visit other location and get a small refund when they return them to another kiosk . ''
There could be a train type of system but not using metal track like they have in europe ( above ground ? ) The trolley or bus could be made to target thing people wan na go do instead of just transportation . Like grocery shopping or night out to watch movie theatre and that way everyone is grouped and the business upsales , etc can develop better because of that . ''
An expansion of the skyrail or a similar system with connection to the skyrail could be added to the surrounding city of Seattle . The addition of public transportation would cut pollution and reduce traffic congestion with the plus side of convenience . It would be a good idea to implement this idea while we still have space available , rather than wait until the problem is a burden . ''
The transport is very safely in the road .

Transport signal is very good technology

Scooter is used very good technology Personal transport . ''
Open-faced railway around town would be great . They 'd be cheaper to build without being fully enclosed , so would pay for themselves faster . No need to go so fast because they 're just going around town , so wind on passenger 's face would n't be too bad . And loading and unloading passenger would be quicker too , since there is n't a door to bottleneck the flow of traffic . ''
A new transportation idea would be to have bike that can be rented . I have seen this in some town such a Austin , Texas . Where you can find a bank of rental bike every couple of block . How awesome would it be if this wa more normal and people could choose to ride a bike to the store to grab a loaf of bread or something , rather than getting in the car and wasting gas and adding to pollution . ''
Charging station for electric car that also ha lot of electronic device chargeers .
Energy Efficiency .
Tunnel highway to avoid traffic that is overground .
My city is right on the ocean and there are many canal within the city a well , so I think a kind of transportation system with water taxi or some kind of water bus would be really useful . In a lot of case I think this kind of transportation would be faster and more accessible to people , especially if it wa willing to pick people up at designated location or even right off their own dock for those who have them . ''
High speed rail
I imagine a type of highway for bicycle where people can use on and off ramp easily to reach their destination . They wont have to worry about car since it a bike only highway system . it will get people to their destination quicker since they dont have to stop at traffic light and watch out for pedestrian .
The transportation system is much into the future where you get into a cylinder and press your destination on the button , somewhat like an elevator . The tube launch and within minute , you arrive at your destination within the city limit . The cylinder , if you can imagine , is one like what you put your deposit in at a bank window . ''
A ski lift type tram .
Reach in grab through tv
I did not see your previous task , so this is my first idea . It would be computer controlled drone arriving at you front door . They would be equipped with a compartment below the four horizontal propeller . It would have a capacity for one person with one carry on . There would be lane in the `` '' mind '' '' of the computer that would coordinate altitude so that the vehicle would avoid other vehicle and elevated object such a tree and high wire . The vehicle would take the person to a central station where mass transit such a a train would collect rider . ''
Instead of bus or train that come at specific time there would be a looped track with chair that circle the city constantly there would never be a wait a it would be running constantly .
We will have car that can lift off the ground and `` '' fly '' '' with a air propel system . This would be fast enough for them to travel in that city area without hitting any others . ''
have self-driving jitney to run on main corridor , when you want to leave your house , just call an uber-like app , the next one will pick you up a long a you 're within , say 1/2 mile or 1 mile . Along way it will pick up other rider heading same direction , drop off and pick up within 1/2 mile or so of . Combines bus/torlley service ( running fixed route every 10 min ) with uber convenience , pickup at your door . and drop off at location . ''
I think there should be free neighborhood circulators that stop at significant shopping center , landmark , or service , that run throughout the day . I think they should be brightly colored bus-like vehicle . ''
You hire a kid to ride you around on his bike peg . It would give kid a job and exercise and be a clean way to get across town .
An idea for a new transportation system in my neighborhood would be to use car with automated driving that would allow the person ( s ) to input the destination and go about doing other thing while the car drove itself to that location .
A scooter called the `` '' quad-scooter '' '' could hold up to 4 people with a glass bubble around it to shield them from debris and help keep them safe . ''
I think we need to tap into the power of magnet . We can use solar panel all through the road , then use them to power magnet on the road . The vehicle will have oppositely polarized magnet that will be controllable in the car . I guess it will work like those train that use magnet , but someone smart will figure out a way to control the magnet independently . The car battery will power the magnet on the car , and can be shut off immediately once the power is cut in case of emergency . ''
I live in a chicago suburb and I believe that driverless car are the future . But what I actually prefer is everyone driving their own vehicle , what i actually hope happens in the future is that license are much harder to get ... there are so many people out there with no clue of the rule of the road and it is hazardous to everyone around them . ''
A system could allow car to drive up to a rail station and be loaded onto a platform . It could be optional to have the driver stay inside for short trip or get out for longer trip . The platform could then allow car to be quickly transported along rail line instead of having to consume fuel . These can be used on older le used rail track , making use of existing infrastructure and help clear traffic along busy highway . ''
An idea I 've had is the concept of personal golf cart that are used in mall , country club and campus but having a few of these cart that use alternative energy method like charging or solar power .



They would be small and wo n't go at very high speed but they could be useful for getting people in the neighborhood around for errand or nearby place while saving them money on gas and helping the environment somewhat .



It could be a small fleet the neighborhood keep around and they are rented out to the local community for a small fee or monthly payment . ''
A trolley system would be a great source of transportation , using small trolley instead of bus . Another Idea would be a mini bus system that primarily transported people to key area like the train station or the airport . A shuttle system . ''
I am deaf . That is why I would like to see closed captioning to announcement made to deaf , or a special light shown when there wa a mechanical breakdown , and we could not hear the announcement to transfer to another bus . ''
Create an app called free mile . Drivers pick up other rider in exchange for mile . The driver can then use the mile they have accumulated and use themy when they need a ride somewhere .
Using boat to travel in Miami to beat the rush hour traffic . It 's quite simple to travel anywhere in Miami by using the canal and various waterway . Boats or ferry should be used not just for sight seeing but for public transportation .
A hitchhiking app where everyone ha a profile with `` '' review '' '' from other driver and hitchhiker . If you 're walking somewhere you can turn on the app and if someone else with the app happens to drive by they can pick you up . ''
Express subway line would be nice . WMATA is a terrible system . But I 'd be happy if we could get some sidewalk and bike lane in our neighborhood . A real help would be a circulator bus system for the neighborhood surrounding our subway station . The current system run point to point and doe n't reduce car trip to the grocery store and local mall .
My neighborhood filled with uber drive . However , there is no cost assoicated with the transit it is all provided by the town . It would be like new york city ( think of cab ) , however nice black car everywhere and someone can hop in to any one they want free of charge . Baisically be like public transit with uber and they will take you wherever you want . ''
A futuristic railway that could stop at different stop depending on if people are their or now , it could run on renewable energy and stop every quarter mile . ''
Buses that go everywhere .
Cars utilize an antenna again to capture radiowaves and microwave in the air . They then use these wave and transfer them into energy to charge a battery . They are working all the time in order to charge the battery , and can be plugged in to power in the case the battery run low . ''
The vehicle run in the solar power .
Need bus , or sccoters ''
I imagine a new transportation system that wa both friendly to the environment and fast . These new vehicle would be autonomous , run on electricity and maintained by the city and housed in a centralized location . When someone determines that they need to get to one place , they would simply summon the vehicle from their computer or a mobile phone and the vehicle would be there promptly to pick them up . In this city , there would be no other form of public transportation , no one would own their own vehicle or drive themselves and all vehicle ' location and speed are tracked through a central computer so that each `` '' pod '' '' or vehicle would be able to take the most efficient route at the most efficient speed . ''
The future transportation system in my neighborhood is called air car . They were created in an effort to reduce carbon footprint and try to save our planet . These vehicle are much more lighter than regular car and can be upgraded to fly . The best thing about these car is that they operate solely on air . What is even better is that there is a filter that intake air and clean it by trapping dirty air in a compartment only able to be removed by manufacturer . This is our last ditch effort to save the Earth , so buy a Clean Car . ''
The future of transportation is advancing rapidly but we still ca n't figure out how to end the fatality that come with driving , but now with virtual reality gaming in effect they have finally announced a new app and mean of transportation that allows you to have the ability to travel without even leaving your home . All you do is download the app , put on the goggles , enter the destination and you will travel to any location just like that . No , no , what you are thinking is time traveling , that 's crazy , time traveling doe not exist , what this is , is just a portal built to take you to your location without having to worry about the outside world . Do n't worry it will be available for everyone so do n't worry about it costing you an arm and a leg , well a few have lost arm but that wa just the early testing . ''
How about a new one based on gliding , like you can rent or borrow glider from place , or maybe small leg powered aircraft . Then you could land and pay a small fee for their usage . ''
Future transportation system in my neighborhood could be a electric bicycle taxi system where neighborhood resents can take short trip like the grocery store or sending kid off to school .
I would like to see a public transportation system , funded by the government and running non-stop . Possibly employing people in an uber style privately owned vehicle service . Or some car pool idea . ''
Create a taxpayer-funded service like Uber , but dedicated to carpooling people . Since people are already paying for it there would be an incentive to using it . This would ease traffic and reduce pollution . ''
A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be a railway system available to rural and outlying area . It would stretch along the roadway and connect to different city and stop much like a trolley system or train system . People could get on and off at different point . They could schedule to be picked up at different time during the day .
A bicycle helmet with speaker and Bluetooth connectivity for your phone .
Maybe for anyone who ha a driver 's license , and need extra money , there could be a service that is kind of like an Uber but it serf a neighborhood specifically . And the driver would be people in the neighborhood who need extra money , and want to do part time work ( on an a needed basis . ) ''
a shuttle system that go to more frequent stop
Combine the new driverless car technology with a bus . Create an app that people use to communicate with the bus and schedule ride . The app could track their location and do calculation for where everyone is and want to go then create the shortest and fastest route . When there are no more rider the bus could park it self .
Burried greenway for biking and walking
I imagine hover bike in the future , powered by solar energy . ''
Each neighborhood get together to say what time they will be leaving that ha a automatic system that will call and tell everyone in the neighborhood or in short distance where they are going and when they are leaving . That way they can catch a ride with others and not have to guess where or when they are leaving . It could be like a carpool system where everywhere you go it will auto call if that person is gong to another location and you still have room in your vehicle .
personal transport drone that can fly you over low altitude to your destination . These could require a pilot license to fly manually or not if you use the autonomous feature .
I think we should have a system like Uber set up here . Allow individual to `` '' sign up '' '' to be driver at the town and people can book ride via the net , text messaging , or by calling . I think this should be tax-exempt income because then the town ha no issue with gas or any other expense because it make this more profitable to retired people or others who ca n't work . With the way free market work we would almost always have enough driver ! ''
A quantum teleportation device that creates a temporary rip in space time that allows the user in instantly transport to any 3 dimensional coordinate in the universe . You would simply place the device on the ground and stand on it with both foot then press a remote button in your hand to start the transportation process .
My city need a monorail that transport people from the suburb to downtown and vice versa . the highway are not very good at providing an efficient way . A monorail would be fast and perfect
Pollution is becoming a real problem in my area . The local government should provide tax incentive for people who adopt clean energy vehicle . The high upfront cost of these vehicle make the cost prohibitive to many , but by creating tax incentive , the local government would be able to offset some of that cost . ''
I would imagine a monorail type of situation . With frequent stop around the neighborhood so everyone wa able to get on relatively near their home . It would move quickly and make stop at the nearby school and store .
Railways and bike route .
I would create a bicycle rental system that wa accessible to wheelchair . Pittsburgh created rental bicycle , but they left out disabled adult . ''
Autorickshaw : In Chennai , India , people travel in autorickshaw for short and long distance and here we have sharing system of auto also . ''
Seated chair . Where there are different covered chair with pre programmed destination where even small kid can sit on and it take then directly to their destination while hovering above the sidewalk .
This is about a single user system . It is similar to a bicycle . But it 's doe not run on road . It ha specific path made only for this vehicle like a railway track . The track ha frictionless surface . The bottom of the vehicle is also frictionless . The vehicle doe not have round wheel . But instead flat frictionless bottom ( but also can be frictionless wheel ) . Vehicle doe not need fuel . First we clip the vehicle to the track manually . We sit and unclip the vehicle from the track and apply some mechanical force just like in the bicycle to move forward . After that the vehicle move without any force . Because there is no friction.We just sit and relax . When we apply brake , clip is attached the bottom of track and it stop . The track should be spread all across the city . Vehicle is portable . We take it from home or rent from government . ''
This would be a bike lane that would be protected from other vehicle . It would make biking more safe and efficient . Bicycles would move in one road and car would be on a different one . Cars would have to give the right of way to bicycle .
Hot ba 's in bikini 's pick you up . Guaranteed 7 on a scale of 1-10
A map that ha the location of bus currently running so that you can see how long it take for your bus to reach you while waiting for the bus .
Buses that have the ability to carry bike for their customer .

Many people do n't live next to a bus station and ride their bike there so if the bus had a place for the bike it would really help the customer out . ''
Pneumatic tube like in Futurama ,

air conditioned , zooming around , up over building .

Maybe capsule , in low friction tunnel . ''
I live in a rural area , it 's pretty hilly but it run along the length of a valley . It would be really nice to have a walking/bike path that connects the residential neighborhood to the commercial district without having the bike/walk on the road . Although it 's generally slow traffic , walking on the road is never exactly safe . Especially in the winter . To be able to network together the few town in the valley too would be very nice . ''
What we need is a better public transportation system that service the East end of the city . Perhaps a bullet shuttle that will pick up in certain area of the East End , and shuttle t predetermined location within the city such a the downtown area , in addition to other area . ''
Adding a metro to our area would be great . It would provide a quicker way to get around a opposed to the bus that are frequently full . It could run from the residential area to the university .
Backpack rocket would be a great alternative to getting around this city . Since most place are within a 5 mile radius it would be a super convenient way to get around and would be totally affordable .
I am from Cincinnati , and one new mode of transportation that would be great here is a subway system . Tunnels already exist from a failed project decade ago , but with the growth the city ha seen , it could be a viable option . ''
My neighborhood ha very little public transportation . Because it is a small area with everything pretty close together , having bike rental terminal would be my idea . Having several terminal in key area , allowing renter to return bike at any terminal , would allow renter to get the most out of the service . ''
There would be frequent bus that run from each neighborhood into the city center on a regular basis . There could be a regular light rail service through downtown and some of the outer area . Right now there is nothing but a few bus line that run too infrequently to be of service , and go to specific area of town that are n't necessarily useful to most people . ''
Road way - Bicycle is one of the best transport . Pollution free and keep body fit .
It would be cool ( although pretty difficult to actually create ) to have a gondola lift public transportation system that had car that could travel over the street and take people place avoiding traffic ! There 'd be stop that had elevator and stair to get up to them and basically they 'd just be suspended a bit above the street and you could travel nicely between them over all the traffic below .
Automated car ! A car that can drive automatically and protect you from accident and bumping into thing . Simply input the location you wish to go into your GPS and away you go !
This personal transport would utilize a series of driverless car . In tandem with smartphone integration , you could get to where you need to go with the help of just an app ! ''
I want to see the Chicagoland suburb connected by a train . Most often if they are , it 's because they 're on the same line going to Chicago , but I 'd like to see a system that move between suburb that are n't connected on the train line . ''
A good transportation system in my neighborhood would be one that wa also integrated with a phone app . People can request a bus or some other type of thing to stop by where they are and essentially add them into their route . It would be very low cost too because other people would be using it a well .
The idea is that free long term parking is offered at multiple node throughout the outskirt of the city . Within the city there are three primary mode of transport : public bicycle ( if needed ) for short distance between bus stop for medium distance and at key point throughout the city train station for the longest stretch for cross city travel .
Developing a bike path throughout the neighborhood that go directly to business location would encourage more people to ride bike and drive their car le . This bike path could snake all around the city with entry directly to all business location making it an easy option for people .
It would be great if we had raised , walkable path all throughout my neighborhood . They would be similar to bridge , only not a high and not a wide , that way people could walk or run for exercise and not worry about being struck by vehicle . ''
margarita chip and salsa delivery
Better GPS , on demand service like Uber but for chore , house work , etc ''
Snowmobile Taxis
Driverless car , it 's the only thing I can imagine being different in my neighborhood . We do not have room for new rail system . ''
because I live in a small town , many alternative just wo n't work ( like bus and train ) . I think though , that a transportation system using van or small bus might just be feasible . Another option , because it IS a small town would be to provide sidewalk on every street in town and encourage walking . ''
Pods that look like mini version of subway , but run above ground in a designated lane . to make this into the infrastructure , street parking would be eliminated from the street in use , that would also encourage pedestrian use . ''
I would love if my neighborhood had a rail system that worked from magnet and floated along the rail at high speed . I wish that the car were individual and that I could get in and select from a list of destination . I would like my own car and to be able to bring my dog with me . It would be fast and smooth and work with minimal power .
Moving sidewalk all over the city would be amazing . People could hop on and even sit and get to their destination . They 'd be like the one in airport , but they would go faster . Some could even run into and through tube so people would be protected in bad weather . Something like a gerbil habitat would be amazing . I think it would promote people walking instead of driving . Or , just standing on the moving sidewalk . It would reduce pollution if people took thing like this around the city . ''
I see a solar powered trolley going around the neighborhood .
It would be an electric tram that would ride in the center turning lane of my neighborhood . It would look like a two-car train that would seat around 40 people . It would make frequent stop at major intersection and shopping center in the neighborhood by pulling off to the side in the bike lane . It would have solar panel on the top to help off-set the electricity use .
An extensive network of electric vehicle that run off solar power . They sit out in the sun all day anyway , and can be shared and used a needed by the neighborhood . The neighborhood pay a monthly maintenance fee to use the vehicle . They may be used for shorter city trip . ''
people would use hoverboard or airport walk way ( moving )
Zip line like transportation . No energy required , no big road , just gravity controlled zip line . Fun . Fast . Scenic . ''
Our City ha no nearby neighbor . Any future idea are going to require a rail system , preferably something fast like japanese train . Maglev technology which will allow faster travel from coastal town and city to the capital . ''
use the Motorcycle do not any trafic
It would be nice to have a device that generates gentle wave in a pool . Similar to a water park `` '' wave pool '' '' , but appropriate for small home pool . ''
My idea is to build an app for uber driver that show all the short cut to a location . Even if they have to drive through residential area . The app will calculate the shortest distance and time depending on traffic .
double decor traines
More transpotation sharing .
Safer bike lane
I think it would be nice if we had road that were dedicated to bike . Like mini transport bike path with 2 or more lane that were half the size of car road . I hate riding my bike with car , it doe n't feel safe , and keep me from riding some day . ''
I would love for there to a more intergrated train system in my city ( specifically my neighborhood . ) I 'd love to be able to hop on a train ( or streetcar ) and be able to transfer to a larger rail system that would take me to other city , etc . Something like what european city have . ''
It would be small individual electric golf cart-like car that run along the edge of the sidewalk every couple of minute that people can hop into to go to the grocery store , pharmacy , post office , etc . they operate from out of a common neighborhood `` '' hub '' '' so each system cover a small area . People can just call one from an app on their smart phone , they are charged a small fee , then after the trip , the cart remains in one area until it is called again or it return to the hub to be charged . ''
I also think there can be drone that can transport people flying at low altitude way below plane so a not to disrupt plane system . They can be coordinated in a central place to that there are no crash , and the drone can be a autonomous a possible to avoid human error . ''
I would like a free car sharing service . So the city provides car , but that can only be used if they are full , so that you have an incentive to carpool , and a long a you do , you get a free ride . ''
Personal jet pack
Transport signal is very good tecnologies
I would imagine an electric scooter or hoverboard rental system . You could use them when going to and from a train station stop and to your final destination . I imagine a rental system so that you could pick one up at a train or bus station to go your extra distance and return it when you return . Renting would be a good option if you did not have your own with you or only use it with other public transportation . Bad weather is always an issue using these device .
I think there should be personal pod that can ride on train line and trolley track . These can be bought or rented . They can follow the train or trolley and then be parked . It could alleviate a congested train at rush hour .
It would be great if we could improve the pubic transportation and reduce the number of car on the road . I would like to see self driving bus a well a bus only lane and self driving car . No manually controlled car would be allowed and because of this hopefully the road will be safer because most accident and caused by human error . We could have the speed limit increased a well because self driving car can `` '' see '' '' a lot father ahead than human . ''
All person having two wheeler or four wheeler or both . That time may be very high traffic while travelling . So increasing the road transportation a possible in near future .
I think the idea of rickshaw are a good one . But in most place , like city or suburban area with hill , a traditional rickshaw would n't be practical . I think that a bike with an electric motor and a cab on the back would be a good solution . It 's nicer for the environment and a more personal connection than a taxi . Plus , traffic might be alleviated a bit since there 's le car on the road . ''
An app that you put recipe in . It give you shopping list , nutritional info , and how it fit into various diet . Especially medical one such a for diabetes . ''
In my neighborhood the current mode of transportation is motor vehicle . There are time when the beach area and town is congested and no parking . So i am thinking a smaller mode of transportation like a scooter with comfortable seat that can transport at least two people . It should have a covering that would protect the individual from the element ( rain , sun etc ) ''
A tube system , similar to how you can send package through tube in factory , get people in tube . Futurama ha a concept like this , but this could be somewhat realistic . It could go pretty far and be good for the environment . It would require a better infrastructure but it would make going long distance without public transportation a viable option . Unless you consider this public trans . ''
The area is very car-dependent , but a train or monorail going down the middle or above the main highway would be a great way to travel down the expressway and parkway without having to depend on a car . ''
An app like Uber , except for people to just give others ride on their way to place without any monetary factor . ''
The employer would work on a system to have every employee 's address and map it . Then a very large carpool could be created to make it easy for everyone to get there on time and save them money . The employer could also provide the bus or van to make it even better .
I would like to see lightrail or street car inbny neighbor hood . Something that wa powered in part by alternative energy . Solar panel on the station , perhaps on top of the light rail car . ''
autonomous vehicle abound . there are shared autonomous vehicle that can be called by neighborhood member . you may travel to destination within your town only . the cost is shared by real estate tax . the benefit is a drastic reduction in traffic congestion , a much fewer car are needed . ''
hyper-bullet train

solar-powered bus ''
I think a rent a scooter app would be great . Like in place where you can rent a bike , it ha a lock down and you can pay at the lock station . Then you could drop it off on many of the scooter lock down location . ''
Improve the bike lane while simultaneously passing legislation to give huge tax break to people who ride bike . More people will ride bike , save more money , burn le fuel , and be more in shape . ''
It would be a cart or trolley that come around just big enough to carry a small group of people . It would be a free service that drive short distance . It would be built into the tax .
I would really like to see separate lane for scooter in my area . A lot more people are commuting this way , and it would be good if it wa a safer way to drive . ''
a new system in my neighborhood could be bicycle - but have taxi option , so additional seat attached , perhaps rickshaw style . A person would pedal ( no motor , so no issue with being on road ) and there would be a seat on the back for a rider . There would be a helmet with each rider . ''
A car that woeks with the magnetic force of earth , applying a system that can take advantage of all the force that can be generated . It can also work with other alternative energy such a solar power or wind power . All of these energy mixed in one idea and also fossil fuel but to a minimum scale . ''
A cargo bike rental that came with discount at supermarket and hardware store .
A car pool van that doe loop around our town picking up kid and dropping them off at various activity . There can be an app that work to hail the van and parent can track where it going
a flying car to dodge traffic
An overhead puppy cart system , the same concept a in skii resort . I live in NYC , and outside of traveling by train , there are no other practicals transportation which avoids traffic . Unlike the the train system , you would be able to make direct route , with a bonus of great view around the city ''
transport mode system
my neighborhood future transportation system will be made up of flying car . This car will be able to take off and land like helicopter . There will be no more traffic jam , traffic light , annoying speed limit and harassing cop . People will be able to travel to any part of the world without going through airport and flight connection . There will be new telecommunication and navigation technology that will help the driver navigate safely without having mid air collision and also mid air gas station to refuel the car . ''
How about an Uber motorcycle . I know a lot of people that have never ridden on a motorcycle , this give them a chance to enjoy it . ''
Skateboard , hoverboard , rollerblade , ice skate ''
There are a lot of fairly narrow path in between building in my area . It would be good if they could be paved smoother to be used by bicyclist . It would make their travel more efficient and would also increase their safety a they would n't have to spend a much time on road meant for car .
A vehicle that is self powered but only when the user operates the peddles under their own power . A steering mechanism is on the upper front area that allows an operator to turn left or right .
more train/subway connection and better bus service . Better communication a to when bus arrive etc
A trolly/tram type of transportation !
An old lawn mower with the blade removed . My young daughter year ago used one a you would a four wheeler . She loved it and got ton of mile out of it a well a fun .
A real trolley/tram system , not a bus that they call a trolley . Rails . Automated , pre-programmed direction . Various sensor to determine speed/safety restriction . ''
MOTORCYCLE
I live in a small town so I think the future transportation system in my neighborhood will be to get rid of normal sized road and create bike and walking path all over town . I can see the current road changing to smaller lane made for electric vehicle while most of the transportation need will be fulfilled with bike and walking path and personal hoverboard type of transportation .
I live in a rural area and a lot of people have horses- so an uber or lyft but actually with horse ! If you are a nw rider , you can be on a horse on a lead rope , and if you have experience , you can just rent the horse ! ''
bike rickshaw
I would l to see a system of transportation where the service would do home pickup , similar to a bus , only the stop would be made at your home regularly for a monthly or yearly fee . ''
Mini bus service around the neighborhood covering the residential area so that single ride can be reduced
Since where I live get cold , my idea is to have something like the NYC bike share , but with covered and heated cab . Our town is n't too big so you can pick up and drop off like a ZipCar . The bike would be electric so you can make it up the hill and to provide heat . There would be an app to tell you where the nearest bike is and to report anything about it , like it being broken . ''
good
People could ride bicycle to work , it would help a it would be good exercise . It could also be fun to do something different , a most others drive car or truck . However it could only for for close workplace , a a lot of work is further then in bicycling distance . ''
i would enjoy seeing horse a a way of public transportation more often
I think that public bus should have some type of bike rack on the back of the bus . Some people want to take their bike with them somewhere but the place is to far to bike the whole way . The can chain their bike to the bike rack and remove it when they get off the bus . Of course space would be limited to about 2-3 bike .
I believe a good future transportation system for my city would be a highspeed lightrail that can get people to their stop quickly and completely safely
The future transport system would be something which would be very unique , we may see air-car and air-bikes in future with different lane distributed for them . These would fly at a very low altitude and would achieve very quick speed . ''
I 'm envisioning a system of small feet-sized platform , along with a handle at arm-height , running on street-level light rail track throughout the city . Like an escalator , these continuously run in a loop around the city/neighborhood , and passenger can jump on and off at will . ( Access would be prepaid and mediated by a RFID chip card and scanner on the device . ) These would probably move at about 5-10 mile per hour - faster than regular walking , but slower than other form of transport that require more infrastructure and potential for danger . It 'd kinda be like , Razor scooter but built into the city landscape and available at-will . Like a bike-share system , but always there and with no energy or exercise expended . This would be a great way for tired people to avoid walking , and would speed up trip to the closest subway station/bus stop . ''
a service in which you get picked up by a car and earn point you can redeem for free ride
A subway system in my city is badly needed . We have terrible traffic and everything in the city is built in a grid system . It would save time , money and gas consumption for million . ''
I think that a new mod of transportation in my neighborhood would be a electric bike taxi system . It would be an electric bike pulling a carriage that hold up to 3 other people . The system will travel from people 's house to their work place , local shopping center and local entertainment place . ''
There should be a roapway system by which local delivery should be done by transporting item in tram and dropping them at specific point then the owner can arrange to collect his item .
Jet pack , if only one had a hydrogen fuel cell jet pack they could zip around in . Stop at any water fountain to fill it up . ''
Public , foot-based transportation . Something like the automatic walkway in airport , but for long stretch of large city , particularly between common high-traffic area . It would probably be best if the walkway were raised , to avoid conflict with other ground traffic . It must also include access for the disabled , be easy enough for even tech-fearful user , and extremely safe ( with monitored auto-shutoff where applicable ) . ''
I think a good idea will be to use electric cycle instead of a bike or a car in metro . They not only help in decreasing pollution a well a motivating people towards physical exercise .



A proper network of e cycle and connected to a main frame can be seen a a new transportation system emerging . Moreover this can also be used a a public transportation system by constructing cycle stand where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine . ''
Transportation by shopping cart taxi . It 's fun , it 's cheap , and it 'll certainly get the kid on board . ''
I think that we need a rail system for our city . Its a growing city with lost of bigger city around it . A main rail system like a subway would make thing much easier to get from place to place .
I 'd love for some sort of shuttle system that worked at late hour between major point in town ; it 's impossible to get around after a certain time with the bus but there 's still a lot of people here that need to get from one point to another at night .
I think a method that would improve the transportation system would be to change how turn lane are handled in America . Overseas , to turn left , you veer off to a lane on the right that come to a stop so that you do n't block traffic waiting to turn and then when it is clear , you drive across the street onto the road you were going to turn onto . ''
A bike path that is in place of all the road . No car will be allowed . There will be no worrying about being hit by a car when riding your bike .
A well established public transport system , like subway , will ease the transportation problem . It will save energy and make fewer car on the road . ''
it would be neat to have a cab/uber like service for kid , to bring them to school on demand . ''
A smart car golf cart hybrid , weight relieved and run on veg oil or electricity . For short trip ie : school , mail box , corner store . Licenced for the road with a top speed of 45mph ''
personal transportation one of the most discover
Segway automated rental . Like the bike rack in large public city . You put down a deposit with a credit card and when you return it you get most of the deposit back .
flying scooter , whenever the rider can not find a place to ride , he can turn it into flying mode ''
An air based transportation system built on smart drone technology . The drone would need to be large enough and powerful enough o carry people and good
a trolley would be pretty cool i would take that
Instead of having dedicated city bus that drive specific route I would like to have dedicated city taxi that will pick you up on demand .
My idea involves the NYC subway ; I think tunnel should be expanded to allow bicyclist a path alongside train . I also believe there should be tighter restriction on obtaining a driver 's license to force more people into public transit . The public bus in my area do not run often enough because too many people have car and do n't use public transit .
My neighborhood would have smaller and more energy efficient car , somewhat similar to Car2go . Instead of car on the road with only one or two passenger inside , the smaller and more energy efficient car would satisfy consumer and environmental need . The smaller car would include high tech navigation system , smart phone charger and wifi . ''
Segway rental station placed all over the neighborhood . Just rent out a segway for a given amount of time and return it to the nearest station when finished with use . Segways are relatively low profile and can easily be used by most people .
Apartment complex that have segway type machine that can be rented out . You can use them to go to the nearby grocery store , etc , and return after an hour or so . ''
Vacuum tube travel with a central hub in various outlying city
This idea is about cable bus . Bus moving through cable in air . The cable are place all across the city in air . The bus move across the cable without any traffic block . There will be stop .
Chicago - Chicago ha a great system and phenomenal public transport . As far a transportation though I wish the highway in the city acted like slotted car , similar to train in which in every highway entrance there would be a dedicated lane/railway for vehicle to travel at fast speed like train . This would reduce traffic and travel time . ''
I would like to see a system of localized automated delivery . A system which is run a a utility for the town or city in which the focus is put on small business in the area . I think this could have hyper-local economic benefit , a it may help small business steal back sale from online marketplace like Amazon . I see it being a motorized electric drone , that could use something like a bike lane to bring good to local neighborhood from small business in area . it Could be coupled with a publicly run website for ordering and added revenue from ad placement on site and/or vehicle could help give money back to town and city . ''
I live in West Philadelphia ! I 'm not going to say I 've never complained but we 've got Septa and it very good . Green line Trolleys come every 4 to 10 minute . It could be better if it wa not so expensive , ran 24 hour a day , and the entire route wa underground ( instead of just the part through Penn campus ) but generally the trolley have always been there for me when I 've needed them . 99 % of the time I ride my bike and there isnt anything that can beat that . Unless it never rained . This week blizzard wa fine , though it slowed me down a little but I dislike riding in the rain . I also have a small motorcycle that I got with the intention of using the neighborhood and the rest of town but I found dont enjoy riding it in the city at all . I have no patience for sitting in traffic when I could be on a bike and moving . The motorcycle ha proven surprisingly good for long distance trip : I take it central Florida , New Orleans , Chicago etc . I hope to never again live in a place that requires a car and it massive drain of money and space . ''
What if you have self-propelled vehicle ( i.e. , pedal like a bike ) that provide protection against the element ( a roof made of canvas and plastic wall ) . These could carry 4-6 people , and someone strong could volunteer to provide the pedal power each day . ''
I would enjoy having a limousine service in the neighborhood . That would be a safe and comfortable mode of transportation .
Imagine thousand of public bike for you to use for short trip around town . Now imagine ten of thousand of people riding these bike every day
Skijorking with a sled to carry item
public bus would help out my neighborhood a lot . it would help on emission .
In my neighborhood , there 's not a lot of space , so I 'd have to go with covered bike of some sort , or one of those neat bike trollys . That would be a neat way to get around and exercise . ''
Solar powered golf cart . You could have station kind of like bike and check them out and return them .
A driverless mini-coach will be the norm . Summoned through an `` '' uber '' '' type app , the responding vehicle will be selected based on pickup and destination point . All rider will be photoed and violator cited . ''
I can see a transport type system where someone step on a pad and it transport them digitally over to where they want to go within a town . kinda like the thing they had in willy wonkas chocolate factory but without the death ray pointer thing it would be just a pad like a dance dance revolution pad .
The suburb are not currently served by the bus system . I believe that each suburb should get it own bus , which will take rider to a bus stop in the city . There , they may catch another bus or walk to their destination . ''
A electric scooter sharing program for getting around town without having to drive a car and use too much gas or take up too much space .
The second new type of teleportation that I can think of is a flying car . It would either have wing or a hover pad on it . It would be able to go to landing zone and be able to go to place faster than what is normally possible .
Driverless car that talk to each other .
A lazy river that take people to St. Charles so they can go to the french quarter .
I want an elevated railway that preserve nature , resists going down during snow and bad weather , and reach all area of my city . It would be public transportation and have low-cost monthly pass . It would also run on renewable , clean energy . ''
A bicycle service for when you are not in a hurry .
Automated car that can come pick you up at the push of a button on android or apple device , and directly from that device , you can pick from a map where you want to go . Submit your payment , and off you go ! ''
My idea is a car application that notifies you when you get in about the weather and road condition .
self driving car pod that will pick you up and dro you off then move on somewhere else
most of the people are going office by car . In rainy season if you go by car that is not problem.but scooter using people and child are affected by rain . for that if we fix wind resistant , water resistant umbrella in the bike . In the handle bar that will be very useful for two wheeler .If we make that kind of vehicle that will become very successful .because of rain only most of the people will go by car . or else they will go by scooter . that will reduce the traffic jam . ''
A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be rentable bicycle station ! They would be scattered all over the city . You would simply put change into a machine or swipe a credit card and a bike would unlock . You could then use it to ride all over the city . You could return it to any other rental rack . The rack would also have hand sanitizers and wipe so you could wipe down the public bike before using them . This would greatly reduce gas and emission in the city and people would get good exercise biking around !
transport
Dedicated lane for motorcycle and bicycle etc , block car from most street , encourage renewable energy source . No toll for motorcycle and bicycle . ''
We could have hover board path that would allow people to go short distance without driving all the time . A path to the side of the road strictly for hoverboards or other electric device used to get around .
I think it would be great to have razor scooter station where you could rent a scooter for a certain amount of time and then check it back into a station when you are finished . I imagine there would be station all over the neighborhood so everyone could have access .
A smartphone app similar to uber but for carpooling . Once it hit a predetermined amount of user needing a ride in a concentrated area , the app suggests grouping the user together and designates possible driver to pick them up if user agree . ''
Scooter is used very good technology transport . But middle class people is used transport bicycle
I live in a very hilly neighborhood . I suggest a funicular ! A funicular is a railway built on a steep hill with tram car for transport . Put it on one of the hill in the center of the neighborhood . People would be only a short walk ( le than 10 minute ) , hop on the funicular and it could take them to the church , the school and the neighborhood business district . Bam . No more worrying about going up and down the crazy hill , especially in the winter . Booyah ! ''
A system of moped that you leave at different station and ride around on only paying to rent them
Imagine your favorite night spot looking like First Fridays in Uptownbikes everywhere
A community system that is managed electronically and request car any time of day . All car are electric and will take you anywhere you want to go for a set charge and there are maintenance team that come and clean car during the day .
Maybe like a smaller plane with easier landing and takeoff so that small plane can work a long distance taxi . So , you can go up to 500 mile on this small plan in lower altitude faster and cheaper than on a commercial flight today . Maybe in the future they can even figure out how to have a large aircraft that is the size of a conference center and regulates pressure so you can walk around and hang out and travel at the same time . ''
Handicapped taxi . Public transportation is awful in my area , so if you are in a wheelchair then you need an expensive handicapped van just to be able to get around . Some taxi wheelchair van option would be great for people who ca n't afford a $ 30,000 wheelchair van and might otherwise have a hard time getting around . ''
I believe that we should have personalized rail system fro our neighborhood . The whole nei8ghborhhod should have a few of them available to different destination . When someone want to go there they hit a button and it sends it to them .
Horses , everybody ha horse where I live , so why not use them for transportation a well ! ''
My idea is a combination of self driving car , rideshare and a train . Commuters would pay for a ticket and a line of connected self driving car would take commuter going the same route/direction to a certain dropoff point , like a train doe . Then when the string of car reach the stop point , each passenger can enter their desired destination into the touchpad screen in the car and they would be driven to their individual destination . The self driving car would break off individually from the train to take these passenger , then they 'd return on their own to the `` '' train station '' '' to go pick up more passenger . ''
I feel the best is a transportation tunnel . It should run around 150 mile per hour and provide food accommodation a well a sleeping area !
A car that scan particular people before allowing it to run to prevent thief .
A type of solar powered helicopter that pick people up and drop them off .
Service that allows you to call for a bus and the closest one will arrive at your location
An electric powered non-track trolley that us solar to charge battery , It would be on tire and pulled by a highly efficient electric vehicle with a natural gas powered generator a back-up power . The open air passenger trailer would hold 10-20 people . ''
I would like to see a bicycle highway . It would go the length of regular highway , but be for bike and pedestrian . It should be wide enough for fast moving road cyclist , it should have passing lane , and little road crossing . There should be frequent on and off ramp . There should also be many large parking area . Ideally it would even lead to public transportation area with ample bike parking . ''
I would like to see rocket skate a a transportation method . They might need something to help people keep balance but they would be fun to use and practical for some people lifestyle .
I think that there should be some way that all the christmas tree at the end of the season could be recycled into some sort of useful wood .
Bus pass can be used for bike pass also . Take the bus a far a it go , then switch to a bike or scooter for rent . ''
This idea us the sky ! A station or helipad is set up and an aircraft is used that utilizes wing and rotor . Basically a cheaper and a bit smaller helicopter . This is ideal in my opinion a it is a vertical takeoff which take far le space than a runway .
Use of earthbags for construction of house should be a standard practice with standerdised engineering built in the program .
A personal transport vehicle , perhaps shaped like a scooter or segway , that collapse and fold into a backpack with strap that retract . ''
Hoverboards for everyone - once the technology is figured out that is .
I think a great idea for a transportation system would be a neighborhood or city that ban car and us all bike to get around . This would really help the environment and people in this town would also be in really good shape . It would have to be a town that doe n't get very cold in the winter , like where I live , where people could use their bike comfortably year round . Each bike would have to have a small basket though for people to carry their stuff . ''
Larger Vehicles for apps like Uber that set up car pool for large amount of people that are going to the same area . For example in Austin , Texas many people enjoy 6th straight but struggle to find parking . If apps like uber could set up their own bus or larger vehicle for transportation to place like 6th street or concerts/ sport arena it would be much more efficient than a bus that make regular stop . ''
I can see a series of tube where people can step out of their house and dial in a destination and be delivered there instantaneous . All travel will be tracked via a smartphone or implanted device .
In the small community I live in , a rickshaw would be perfect . ''
Service that allows people to network and car pool
I often thought that a sort of ski lift-type system would work well to carry people from my neighborhood to downtown . You would board a continuously running chair on wire , and then would be transported to a downtown station riding on the chair over the city . Would take ten minute max to board and 10-15 minute to go downtown . ''
transporter system ! ! ! step in a booth , get transported ( morphed , atomized , etc ) ''
A slow moving bench large system
This might be only useful for some place , but it 's better than none . I think there should be a moving walkway for the most common area of a town or city . This way foot traffic can be consistent and the flow high . Since it 's fairly low speed there should n't be any injury issue and transferring is a easy a getting off the one walkway and on to another . ''
A system where you can pay a subscription cost of one flat rate per month that would then reduce all of their cab fee for the month . For example you would pay $ 20 per month and have all cab bill for that month reduced by % 50 .
I have a transportational idea to use jet pack powered by biofuel .
I would make a transportation system that is a bunch of highway that are up in the air specifically for train or bus , this would allow people to still drive on the ground , or take public transportation up top . It would be a monthly fee to use it and would help connect people to major big city . There would also be limited stop so it would be a lot faster ''
A central hub for a ridesharing service that provides car for small group to take to neighboring town . I live in a rural area , a few minute from a very small village . The nearest SMALL city is about 30 minute away , and the nearest decent sized city is almost an hour away . A ridesharing service would make accessing these place much easier , and if the company provided the car ( for a fee , of course ) , those without vehicle could be serviced . ''
An uber-like system for public transit bus . Riders must request pick up 24 hour ahead of time , and the bus would come to their door or a close a it could to pick the rider up . The fare could be determined by how many rider requested pick up , and drop off to a central location ( downtown ) . From there maybe there would be additional bus that go directly to drop off point rather than on a pre-set route . ''
Small car pod that move on a wire . They can be lifted 30 foot in the air , go very fast and be lowered at the site of the destination . There can be 4 people to a personal pod . ''
A bicycle that can lock itself when the owner forgets to lock it .
Make it safer for bicyclist to ride on the road , more bike lane is a MUST ! ''
Hoverboard . The use of the hoverboards to get around .
This idea is aimed to put a copter ' in your garage ! Imagine instead of opening your garage to a car , instead there a small personal helicopter inside . These small , one or two person max flying vehicle would be ideal for keeping roadway clear ! ''
-a gondola system like at a ski resort

-it will be high speed and high capacity , holding up to 10 people per cart

-there will be `` '' Stations '' '' going from each major neighborhood center going towards major popular destination like mall , restaurant , etc . ''
An e-bike share . Similar to regular bike share , but the bicycle have electric motor which aide in pedaling effciency and can be used to great effect in hillier city . Users pay a yearly fee , with day/hour rental available for tourist . ''
I imagine the future of transportation involves more public conveyance to ensure a smaller carbon footprint . Would n't it be great if there were way to get from door to door without a lot of hassle . Maybe commuter shuttle incorporating a Uber model ?
A system like Uber where people can collaborate and find others who have extra space in their car for a sort of taxi/carpool service .
Trolley line that go up and down the hill I live so that resident can reach the shopping center more easily .
The idea would be to setup bike swap station . With the station in place someone would take a bike and ride it to work or home . You would need to swap it each day at the station . To utilize these station would you just pay a monthly fee , something affordable . With these in place it would incentivize everyone who can not afford to pay outright for a bike or fear what it would cost to fix them when they break . I know if I had an option like this I would take it . But along with this we would need better bike lane . I can see with the proper funding from the city for bike path this could really start rolling . ''
Automated driverless car networked to navigate together and accept passenger via mobile application
save fuel
A tube where we can fly to our destination
Invest in personal helicopter , these would be like the size of a small above ground pool . They wo n't take up much space and they 'll allow people to get around faster since they wo n't be stuck in traffic . ''
Maybe a service where high school student ( age 16 and up ) who have their license could opt to take an hour out of the school day to drive people around in the neighborhood ( who need a ride ) and the people would pay a discounted rate .
Charger cycle is best mode of vehicle.It suit for all kind of people.Even those who do not know the driving can use this vehicle.We can make remote for this vehicle.So we can park it wherever we want.The old people will get more benefit.We can make separate roadway for this kind of vehicle.So lot of accident can be prevented .
A rail system that is build from the ground up . This would be capable of high speed typically not able to travel when driving or on another train . This would make work transit much faster .
Something akin to a streetcar or trolley bus system could be very useful in my city . It would have it own designated lane and be a useful public transportation alternative .
I think a private school bus would be a great idea . Maybe it could be the size of a SUV and fit maybe 4 to 6 kid in it comfortable . Some kid are not able to take a bus to school so parent have to take public transportation every morning to drop them off . It could be like a Uber school bus sort of , each SUV bus will have certain school on their route that they can drop kid off at . ''
This idea would have to be built in a city near a river , or attached to a solar farm because it relies on using naturally produced hydroelectric or solar power . Basically , it 's a train on an electrified track , that move slowly and stop at interval in a big loop throughout a city . It would make stop the same way bus make stop . If you rode it long enough , you 'd wind up at the same stop you got on at . It relies completely on green energy , no exhaust just some electric motor driving the car . People would be able to get on and just ride to where they needed to get off , leaving their personal vehicle in a parking area . It could be configured to have small , individual car maybe fitted with a GPS system so you could tell it where you needed to go and it would get you a close a possible . The main idea is it would be free and the city could tax business a small amount for serving their part of town , just to help pay maintenance cost . ''
I would suggest public car rental funded monthly , with constant access . ''
A cab system which optimizes fare by calculating the best way to get multiple people to their destination . It 's like a bus but it doe n't follow a route .
I would like to see a series of magnetically propelled track , run by GPS , that are installed underneath the ground . Using computer tracking technology and on board GPS , personal transportation device could propel an individual to any location in an area with the magnetic track available , without the need for a driver or fuel . The transportation would't be a fast a a car , but other thing could be done while in transport . ''
Some sort of free bicycle ride . It would work by having you use a credit card ( so people can not steal bicycle ) a a deposit . Here 's how it would work . You would walk/visit some sort of kiosk , swipe your card and it would unlock a bicycle from a rack . You are then free to ride it . You can then return it to the same kiosk , or perhaps to one further away/new destination and a long a you swipe the credit card again upon returning the bike -- it would clear your deposit . If you do n't return the bike within a reasonable amount of time ( say 2 day or so ) , you could charge the person the price of the bike plus some penalty . This method wo n't make much money if free , but you could also setup a rental type system . Just imagine lot of kiosk around a city , with say 12 or so bike are each one , and people could rent/ride a needed . Like a Uhaul type service for bike . From a network perspective , I guess it would be like sending a packet to a new location downstream , and the returning of the bike would be the acknowledgment . If you do n't return the bike , it would charge your card aka ask for a retransmission of said packet . That 's all I have for now . ''
A new transportation system in my neigborhood would consist of more bike lane , pedestrian lane , and an extensive carpool/ride sharing system . Being that I live in a more suburban area , I can see people being hesitant about using large mass transit system . The ride sharing system would allows those who have car to use them and help the community and make some money by giving ride when they were available , or if they so choose , a a primary job . The connection of bike lane and ride-sharing would mean that almost anyone could get a ride at any given time . ''
Autonomous car transport to our desired destination . You are able to pay and call a car with you cell phone .
I would like a car that can maneuver around slow people and even change shape when there little room to maneuver , so I can get to work on time ! ''
underground subway that extends to all major neighborhood . It would be fast and convenient to use .
City bus that actually go downtown and to the place that people need to go , instead of just around the edge of town . Also , have a fleet of bike that people could rent for $ 1/hr to ride the distance downtown like some other city . ''
My neighbourhood transportation consists of share automation , which should be devolped more . ''
It would replace everything : road , sideways , bus , etc . It would be electric powered . Definitely automated . You should be able to transport to wherever you want to go without lifting a finger . Since it would replace sidewalk , you can simple stand on it and it would move you from one place to another , like a conveyor belt . It would be financed by monthly subscription , with VIP access for a higher price you can travel on the road with automatic car that would operate in similar fashion . ''
A new transportation system for our neighborhood could be shared scooter . The scooter would be open for all to use and stocked at location around the neighborhood . You could check them out and return them for le money than the cost of a scooter .
A form of alternative transportation would be in the form of an SUV crossed with a 4wheeler . However , it would need to be affordable and able to be driven on main road . ''
Ride sharing app that allows people to make a donation before they ride . That way even if it 's a stranger you have a destination already in mind and it allows people to catch a ride for relatively cheap .
I thought of a light rail and below-ground subway system could be transport people to and from a downtown arena we have here in metro Columbus , Ohio . Right now most people use car and a few people use bus , but that 's about it . Congestion could be decreased substantially provided people who normally commute by themselves to and from hockey game that take place two to three time a week . This would solve congestion issue on the night where these game take place and reduce the need for a large amount of safety and security officer to direct traffic and play crowd control on weekend and Fridays . ''
I think that we need to have a trolley system like they have in other city . That can take use from the surrounding area to downtown and the beach . Right now all we have is the Bus . Other city have free shuttle bus and ours doe n't . So , if we can be like the surrounding city it would be nice fo ronce . ''
A trolley , or electric street car system . ''
A velodrome type system for bicycle .
A device that can tap into a person 's brain that could stop addiction .
The mode of transportation that I would imagine would be no different than an average city street . However , with the right conductor placed under the street the friction created by people 's foot a they walked would supply supplemental power to the city . As such a person could get a `` '' walker '' '' designation that they could either receive some incentive for ( pay or reduced tax ) . This would get people more active and save the governemtn money and reduce environmental damage ( through the waste of resource and nuclear power ) . ''
Ride sharing would be great , setting up a forum where people can connect with those who work in the business district would be very helpful to save gas , and time . ''
A high speed train/subway that link all the city in the Detroit metro area .
There need to be a washer that is also a dryer in one machine for those people limited on space
When I traveled Asia they had truck with bench in the back , they went around the same route all and quickly picked up and dropped off people , similar to a bus but quicker and easier ''
A pod/train system that run on the shoulder of road . It would be more active than typical bus , and be more personal in that there can be no more than 4 passenger . It would run on a track or in the future it would would run with automatic sensing software and would drive itself . ''
An underground hi speed railway for fast transportation .
A hovering scooter with it own lane on the road
We could really use a tram system !
Some type of underground or above-ground monorail system to help with the massive traffic problem in my area . With station in key location that are unobtrusive to the overall community .
I am thinking of something like a city bus system but for uber . Rather than having to go from stop to stop and hope people are there the bus system can be smarter and go to the most packed stop or to those who have been waiting the longest based upon when they clicked the app . It would be much more efficient .
A sidewalk peoplemover based system that could run parallel to the road or existing sidewalk .
Every car would be able to hover or fly . Every car that run off gasoline will be rare to find and all the car have a feature that are able to drive themselves . Even motorcycle will be something that you find in a museum .
self standing bicycle so it wo n't fall over when ridden or parked
More bike route around the city for better and eco-friendly travel .
A bike with jet pack
If we had taxi in our neighborhood had a reward card program where you can earn free ride .
Cars available for rent . When returned , scooter available for rent . When returned , they can be exchanged for bicycle for rent . ''
I think that there should be a way to get bug off a windshield without harming the paint job on a car . It should be a spray while you are driving much like windshield wiper fluid
A type of uber service that transport more than a car of people .
Underground tunnel which use a vacuum to send mail to the post office and push air to send mail to customer .
A horse drawn carriage would be nice
Pneumatic tube - just like at the drive through at the bank ; people step into a tube and then are whisked away to their destination .
A crowdfunding site that try to solve mini societal problem . It 's like a non-government organization but this try to solve mini problem such a buying a net for a local basketball court or a reforestation project .
Bicycle Taxi's=Would help older citizen to get to local church or store at the corner or local diner .
Our Common Future , computer Cellphone , for bicycling , walking , taking transit and just for enjoying . ''
Using autonomous cars/vehicles a taxi that you can rent and have escort you anywhere you would like to go in your area . Cars will be equipped with GPS so customer can log where their destination , etc . ''
A system of neighborhood driver who form a cooperative and use their own vehicle to provide transportation service . We live in a community of 1875 people in a rural area , it may not be practical , but it is doable . ''
I would like something that would utilize apps like Lyft and Uber to connect with the existing commuting infrastructure , like the MARC train . ''
A network of self driving car that are owned by the community . When you need one , you just summon one like Uber . ''
I 'd like to see a subway that ha assigned seating . It 'd be nice that you could preorder a seat on the subway for a nominal fee - that seat is yours 100 % of the time . You never have to worry about it being taken . Other than that , it remains completely the same..just reserved seat . ''
Airways - It is the most convenient and fastest mode of transport during natural calamity .
I live in an area where horse are abundant . It would be a trip if everyone started using their horse instead of a car or motorcycle .
I would like for there to be a trolley/tram system through main street in my town . Main street go straight through Beaver Dam and Hartford and pass by all the important stores/stops .
I think there should be `` '' speed walking '' '' lane set up . Separate from where pedestrian walk and separate from bike trail . I would love it if there were `` '' fast lane '' '' around the strip mall and commercial area of my city . I tend to speed walk and get so frustrated with trying to dart and dodge around people . It can almost be like an HOV lane for pedestrian for people who need to walk brisker and faster and get somewhere . Even slow jog or panicked gallop would be allowed ! When it 's really crowded and busy on the street , I always feel like a pinball ball . I think having a dedicated lane to faster walker or a `` '' passing lane '' '' would really help with the flow of pedestrian traffic and it effectiveness . ''
The first future transportation system that I can imagine in my neighborhood would be some sort of instant teleportation . It would require a pad on the floor or something and some advanced tech , but I think it would be possible to transport oneself from one teleporter to another in the future . ''
Mobile app to reserve taxi pickup and pay/tip with cc , partner with cab company ''
A system of fast moving conveyor belt that help move people quickly instead of walking and driving short distance .
Teleportation block that a you take a step move you from block to another allowing you to teleport where you need to by walking only a few foot .
A self-driving car that would pick you up and deliver you to your destination and then drive away . It would be like Uber but with a computer navigating and it would stay in town or a small area to ensure fast pickup and delivery for everyone . It could help older people go to the store and get grocery or save on gas/carbon emission .
teleportation device that can safely transmit matter from one place to another .
A new bus route that could go through my town . It would have a different route than the bus we currently have .
A human tube system , similar to televison show like Futurama , and already in use by bank , albeit for parcel and not people . If we installed vacuum tube that led to a multitude of central destination , we could develop a toll system alongside it . Using air pressure would cut out emission immensely , and would be relatively fast , allowing for faster travel time than traditional mode of transportation . However , the difficulty would come from utilizing the system in such a way that remained safe for all those involved , perhaps through making use of a stop and go turbine system , that worked similarly to a stop light . A smart air restriction system would allow for one way travel , and then a short delay , followed by travel in the other direction . ''
Having some sort of electric train that run underground , just like the subway system in New York . The city that I currently live in doe n't have that option so having some sort of underground transportation system that run all around the city constantly would make commuting much better for everyone . ''
A subway system where you sit in a seat that attache to a rail a soon a you are seated . You are then transported to your destination . This remove the need to wait for train like a regular subway .
Perhaps a system where you can rent out bicycle or motorbike to get to where you need to go . You could hold a lot of them in one area and make it easy to check out the bike and then return it later . It would help getting around for people who ca n't afford a car service to take them around the city but also for people who prefer to be health conscious and also want to save money by biking around the city .
a small size car , it might fit only for one person a motorcycle but it 's closed like car ''
I would love to have a light rail system , not in my neighborhood ( it can drive down house price ) , but just outside of my community . We would n't have to be on congested highway or take back road to get to mall , shopping , etc . ''
underground railroad that can connect all of the major suburb to the major city

make it so that it only run for high traffic time within the week

monthly price ''
i prefer low MPG vehicle
Combine exercise with travel . Make a job that involves carrying people to their destination . This will give one person a workout while simultaneously reducing smog and traffic .
A Bus system , within the metro area that wa funded by a tax on gas purchased by individual commuter . In otherwords , free to the people who use the bus , and cost the people who do n't . have the bus rinning from a set time like 6am to 9 pm and pickup are every 15 min , so you never need to bother with knowing the bus schedule . Also , have all bus make a stop in the center of town so if you need to get across town , take a bus from you house to the center , and from there to your final destination . There should be a bus passing every school , hospital , shopping center , library ect . Simply run smaller bus on le popular route , use smaller bus in general . make one special route for city to city transfer . The system need to be free or very affordable , fast and convenient . No need to waste resource and infrastructure on schedule , call center , web page , just keep it simple and convenient . ''
Running
I would like to see mini fast moving futurist either above car that move above or below traffic . This would be almost a subway style but in 4-5 person vehicle . There could be a nominal fee such a $ 5 per a trip no matter how many people were in it . They would go to popular area such a the center of town . Wal-Mart , or the DMV . Since they are small , and independent of traffic it could be solar powered . ''
segway at same rental price a bus fare . I have a broken toe and bad knee and it is hard sometimes to walk all the way to bus stop if they are far .
A moving sidewalk outside main street .
think it will be self driving car aka taxi coming soon . really when apple say they are working on a self driving car
In future may happens not to get petrol or diesel . So human may changed and adopted for bicycle may possible for short travelling . For long travelling Bulllet train are come with all major city in near future .
Solar panel that are transparent and also mirrored to reflect light to other node that take in energy .
This form of transportation would be a very high capacity electrical vehicle . By high capacity , I mean an electric car that ha many seat . It would look like a limo . It could hold 17 people at a time and would pick them up from house to house . The service would be like a mixture of what Uber doe and a carpool service . ''
Motor skating-By fitting a motor in skating and we can use it easily to go from one place to other
Have scooter that people can rent , this would reduce pollution and traffic . ''
personal transportation
The van car can be used a a mean of transport for dropping people at scheduled time just like bus . They will have limited stop to minimize wait time and people using car for nearby location can use it instead of using car personally or waiting for bus at bus stop which go stopping at all the bus stop .
Interactive bus schedule app . You pick the starting destination and ending point , plus leave time and it will tell you what time the bus come to that point , what the ETA and travel schedule is . Also would give a total cost for the trip . I live in a neighboring county and the small bus hook up with the city bus , but I have no idea what time the bus come to the bus stop by my house , nor how I would transfer to the bus that take me to work . ''
I would like to see a People Mover connecting Trenton , Southgate , Taylor and Wyandotte . There seems to be a lot of people walking down street such a Trenton and Eureka , and especially so in the winter . I can envision a rail system supported by local tax dollar very similar to the one to the north in Detroit . People around here are constantly complaining about weather condition and global warming and I think my method could bring a lot of people together and solve a lot of the commuting problem around here . There are just so many car and it seems there is an average of just 1.5 people per vehicle . It is rather said . I really would want to push toward the people mover rail system . ''
I would like to see a cable car that run across the city . It would take people across the busy street . It would be convenient for office worker . It would cut down on traffic in the downtown area .
A new transportation system ... . Self driving cars/ trolley ( absolutely no track or special lane for the trolley just self driving )
Being an extensive cable car system
flying transportation system will be very famous in future for example flying car , flying scatter board bike and so ''
A sun powered scooter
A fare based system would allow heavy car user to pay more and light one to pay le for gas , toll , etc . Their car will have a gps tracker to see where and when they go ( downtown , rush hour , etc . ) This will help the people who do n't need to drive a much and tax the one that are always on the road . ''
A segway that is programmed for certain route .
Autonomous vehicle that drive themselves on a smart transportation grid . Need to go somewhere call for a vehicle tyo pick you up . Most local transport can be done without a personal car .
It would be a super fast train system . It would be so fast that my husband could get to his job , which is ten mile away in 5 minute . It would be super popular and efficient . Everyone from business people to house wife would want to use it . ''
Consumer-grade focused network hard drive -- something that is a easy to set up and use a modern phone .
Transportation would not be about getting the general population from home to work and back . It would be about moving good and service to people directly .

This will require drone technologiy so that road infrastructure could be used to get bulk item from one place to another more efficiently and faster . Public transportation should be the rule . ''
I would imagine a combination of Uber and self-driving car . I can imagine a world where I do n't own a car . Instead , I click a button on an app on my phone , and an automated car show up shortly after , taking me wherever I need to go . ''
Helicopter based taxi that can be taken anywhere . The roof top will now be loading and unloading area and it will free up car congestion .
Closing off the downtown to car would be amazing . The city could pay bike rider to tow cart that would pull around people !
Autonomous vehicle will take over 75 % of the local traffic . Autonomous public transport will handle the inter-city traffic .
Have car sharing at hot-spot site , with a linked an app that simulates when car are free . ''
I imagine a hot air balloon attached to cable that direct it at a low altitude to various stop . people get can out on platform that they bring you to the ground with elevator .
Our future transportation will be in the form of spacecraft transporting to and from space pod . We may have our home a they are now , but we will also have pod in space to use . ''
A bus that run on water
Underground walking tunnel ( some college in cold climate have this ) you can bike ride in them too .
Zip car ! People could register their car a `` '' shared '' '' car and people could borrow them a needed for a small amount of compensation . ''
Something akin to a PeopleMover , which can be installed parallel to sidewalk or other right of way area throughout major area of our neighborhood . ''
A pneumatic tube system similar to the mail slot in old skyscraper . A person can just step in to a tube and be propelled to their chosen destination .
This system would be made up of a continuous stream of driver of small vehicle . The vehicle might be three-wheelers or some other form of small , motorized vehicle . Besides the driver , the vehicle would only have space for two other occupant . The vehicle would continue on the same busy stretch of road . In other word , they would be on a fixed path . Also , there would be a large number of these vehicle , a constant stream , so the passenger would never have to wait longer than a minute or two . The passenger would have prepaid for the service , so there would be no need to exchange money with the driver . ''
Moving Sidewalks
This is about car pooling . As our residence are located far away from our work place , we , in our neighborhood have passed a resolution that to share our sitting in our car ( each a day in a week ) to reduce pollution , save money , etc . and it work good too . : - ) ''
The neighborhood need a rail system that run adjacent to the highway . This would go from major city to major city with the same stop a for those that drive .
A new transportation system would be a large electric powered bus . It would not run on gasoline but on electricity . It would pick people up from stop and drop them off for a fee . It would also go into smaller development to pick people up like an Uber would , but more environmentally friendly . ''
There would be a pay-to-use bicycle system similar to the Citi bicycle in New York City . It would allow people to exercise while getting to their location quickly . It would also relieve traffic congestion .
A series of tube like in the TV show Futurama .
To help cover a lot of area of a city , the could be a central hub where all the train , bus , etc start . Then from that one spot , all the route line shoot out , like a star . That way all the people can be at one spot and make it to where they want to go easily since there are no transfer or any other confusing thing . ''
In dense urban area have a series of high tension wire between building . Have a mechanized seat something like a zipline that people would ride on . This would need a seatbelt or maybe an enclosed capsule for safety but the idea is making the seat a compact a possible .
Having a neighborhood run community bus system . It would be exclusively a bus for people in the neighborhood to travel short distance .
It would be a multi-seat , eco-friendly chain bicycle that could accommodate many people and the more people seated on it , the faster it would go . It would kind of be like a multi-row trolley or if you attached three trollies back-to-back . It would all be powered by pedal and the people in the front would steer it . Just a larger capacity trolley bicycle . ''
I think high-speed tube travel would be great in my city . The tube could be a system of plastic or rubber tube that were buried underground . There would be a lot of tube station downtown , but they would branch off to the outer city and suburb . These tube would have pod in them that were propelled by high-pressured air . The pod could be designed to carry one or two people each , and would be shot through the tube for quick travel to your destination . ''
A monorail system to transport to downtown and around the area easier .
using Biogas a fuel are also good innovative thing which make goood transportation system .
Jet pack it is a good idea one can wear a bag which consist of tank of fuel which can make him to fly from one point to another .
Transport which is used to give automatic ticket to people .
My idea would be to use a moving belt ( like used in airport terminal ) instead of sidewalk to get around my neighborhood . I live is a small town ( population about 500 ) , so it would encourage people to drive le to get to destination that are close to their home . ''
A system with bike rack so people can rent bike and ride around would be nice . There can be multiple area to be rented from .
In my neighborhood I think the best type of transportation system would be an elevated railway like a tram at disney world it would make commuting between neighboring city far easier and the technology would make commute more timely .
A group carpooling smartphone app that allows people in apartment complex or housing area to visualize a profile of others in the area that are traveling to a nearby destination . Participants can communicate over the app , and background check and everything is done before being certified to use the service . People can post looking for ride note , or say that they are traveling to a specific area and looking for passenger to ride in order to split cost . ''
Teleportation where you go into a device like an elevator and then type in to a computer where you want to go .
I could imagine single rider tram car . The car would be tethered to cable above the street . Something akin to ski lift carriage , but completely enclosed in glass . Advantage would be thy could run off electric current and would reduce ground street traffic ''
Its new blacktop in a grid system .
Underground hypersonic tube that run on elevated magnet .
I live in la vega and I think that the tram should go from the airport to the strip and all the way down to fremont street .
I would like a golf cart system that could get the kid to school on the path , kind of like a bus system but on a much smaller scale . ''
I would like to see a rail system for mass transportation in my city and across the united state . Countries like europe have bullet train that hover on magnet and go very fast . We need something like that in the united state
All city connected with Train Network . It is the very comfortable transportation system for all human .
I imagine that instead of transporting with car we could turn all the road in our neighborhood into river and use boat to get to place .
I would set up a monorail system that started at all development and went to all the store in the area . The monorail would always be moving at certain interval with no delay .
Uberbus . Uber hiring for large amount of people to be transported .
The scooter actually would be a good alternative form of transportation in my neighbourhood . It is a small community and using the scooter would be a good second choice .
Hoverboard/Segway share : have station located around the neighborhood where a hoverboard or a segway can be left to charge and then someone else can use it , leaving it at another station for someone else to use . ''
It would have to be an above ground system , light rail or the like ''
There will be a set of water slide that link the house in my gated community . They will have propelled section that you control with a lever attached to your slide so you can visit neighbor without driving . They will be enclosed for bad weather .
very important in our life .
This is a transportation system that delivers food directly to people 's house . It exists in a large city and people will use an App on their phone to get food delivered to their house . They can enter the restaurant , find out what they want , and someone will deliver the food item by any mean they choose whether it be car or bicycle or walking . The app will also store people 's favorite order at their restaurant so they do n't have to think about what to order . ''
Huge people can carry smaller people `` '' piggy back '' '' style to their destination . My town is small so it would n't be very long . ''
I think that small , electric golf cart that charge at a solar station would be perfect for my neighborhood . They would be using completely renewable energy , and could be driven for relatively long distance within the neighborhood without dying . ''
My neighborhood added an above ground train similar to the `` '' L '' '' in Chicago . It run along the highway bringing people downtown from the suburb . It doe a few loop downtown and run near the major company to get people to work . It is much cheaper and more convenient than driving downtown and parking . ''
It would be a railway but instead of a train , it ha small , separate car that only fit one individual for their own convenience and comfort . The car would be a tall , rectangular box shape with a seat , kind of like a car seat inside . ''
Moving sidewalk . If we put in moving sidewalk similar to what is found in airport , I think many people would be willing to travel by foot . ''
Rent a scooter with office around key area so you can return or borrow from there . It will only work for going around one 's own neighborhood , though , since most of the place you can go to from here , you will need to pas by highway . And two wheeled vehicle are not safe to pas by those big road . ''
I would like to see a transportation system that can be used for professional reason , or personal , but not both . ''
The future transportation system in my neighborhood would possibly incorporate traffic light system that would detect the amount of traffic and flow to better keep traffic moving and prevent long line and wait time at intersection therefor reducing trip time and automobile emission .
New idea , train that fly . This would combine two existing mean of transportation into one futuristic flight fantasy ! A train would travel a usual and then be picked up by a plane . This way a train car could travel faster and then be dropped back off on it final stop by the plane . ''
A hover car - basically , a hover board but with much greater speed capacity and having a housing or shell around it for instrument and protection . It would be something like the landspeeders from the Star Wars movie , except more realistic because it 's based on the same principle a the hover board . ''
Uber-like service that ha small personal celf-drive car that are shared by the community . App interface to request a car and specify whether you are willing to share you car with a small number of other people
floating pod like in the jetsons but they 're automated and pick you up and drop you off on your command .
one of the most innovative thing
Segways everywhere , that you can rent and park at multiple station . Sort of like how some place do this with bicycle , but with some kind of GPS thing that would make it useless outside a certain radius , to avoid theft . Also make them trackable , in case someone decides to try to take one home to disable that GPS chip . ''
A circular bicycle that everyone pedal together .
there are no train in my city
My idea is matter transportation . A portal in every home , or at least in every neighborhood . Science fiction ? ... true , but I think it will be done some day . ''
I would like for a train to be in my neighborhood . IT would go right down the side of our main street . There is a train currently , but you have to drive far to it . There should be more train , not just one or two . ''
A subway could be useful in my neighbourhood . The road are very congested and it would be a solution for quicker commute .
ROAD WAYS - CAR TRANSPORT IS BEST FREE FROM POLLUTION AND ACCIDENTS

http : //postimg.org/image/kihkw2291/ ''
use self-driving car to get to different part of the city
Have a system of moving sidewalk that ha chair ( with seatbelt for safety ) mounted to it . People can just sit down and be transported quickly throughout the city .
In my neighborhood i imagine a trolley on solar powered magnetic train track . This keep the trolley moving at all time but keep anyone from getting hurt like child .
a great discover for human
a subway type system that would have personal car for people . after typing in your destination , the car you were in would choose the quickest route within the city system of track permitted to get you to your destination . futuristic . ''
A bicycle-only highway .
Trains ! We have freight train that go in and out of the city but no actual passenger train . This is ridiculous and could make long distance travel far easier and cheaper . Throw a few passenger train on the line and get the car off of I-4 !
I have no problem visualizing a new mode of transportation in my neighborhood . Years ago coal train ran behind my house and the old gully is still there where the track were . Would love to see them back again , but it will never happen . ''
Shopper 's express using green technology that only operates on the main state highway -- like a trolley .
There should be a completely separate bike lane that run throughout the city , and is plowed even during the winter . Currently the biking situation is n't too bad , but there are area where it is hard to feel safe with car passing by too closely . During the winter , it is impossible to bike due to snow in the bike lane ''
I think it would be really intriguing to have a bus with personal room . These bus would be useful for traveling long distance .
A moving sidewalk - like the one you would see in an airport to help expedite movement between terminal . Around my area there are a lot of close shop , so people could walk , but getting load of bag home would be difficult . Having mechanical walkway would enable people to do their shopping but reduce their need to use car , and at the same time set all their bag down so they do n't have to figure out how to lug them home , especially if they 've purchased something heavy . It could also allow people to get where they need to go faster , if they continue to walk along the moving sidewalk . They could sit alongside regular sidewalk , so people who still wanted to go out for a walk and get some fresh air could do so . The mechanical/moving sidewalk would be made out of metal , look like a flat escalator , have hand railing , and each side of the road would have a sidewalk that go the same way a traffic . ''
I would like to see jetpacks so people can go long distance in a short amount of time without relatively much traffic . The cost would hopefully be relatively cheap a well once they were mass produced .
autonomous three wheeled mini vehicle on demand . You log onto your account from your computer , select your departure time and draw your route . A vehicle is dispatched to you immediately , you just need to go outside , get in , and it will take you wherever according to your pre-programmed route . ''
How about a lift service through the air .
Include a walking/biking outlook ( temperature , weather , wind , ozone ) for the local newscaster to encourage walking/biking to work , errand , etc . ''
I would like to see a solar powered train system
there will be driver-less car and a lite rail system . There will still be some ( free ) bus transportation to fill in the gap and help negate the need for new road
Where I live live there are n't very many way to get around . You can walk , ride a bike or drive some sort of vehicle . Our town is really small so there are no train or trollys . We have one single taxi for a taxi service . ''
The neighborhood I live in ha alley way behind our property . So when getting kid to school in our town , we could have some sort of trolley or train-like vehicle that could go up and down the alley picking up the kid . This would be quick and efficient and the kid would want to go to school because it would be fun and exciting . ''
My neighborhood currently ha no bike lane , so I would imagine a system with renewable transportation integrated into the layout . Spaces for bike , electric car re-charging station , etc . ''
I would like a teleporting system that can instantly take you from place to place
An underground walkway would be useful in my neighbourhood because you would not need to stop traffic to cross the street .
I think it would be nice to have enclosed jetpacks to commute with . You would be inside a climate controlled bubble , but would be able to fly above the ground and vehicle traffic and go to work . I dream about this sometimes when I 'm stuck in traffic . ''
Hovering car .
Rentable bicycle . Two or three location where individual can rent and return bicycle for a small fee . The location probably do n't even need someone to watched the bike if there is some kind of gps locater built in and a cash/credit operated locking mechanism .
Tubes that fly you around really fast like . It would be free and you could feel air wishing by you .
Automated driverless car system - eliminate car ownership and use a network of public self-driving car to travel
Instead of a gym , people looking to lose weight could lease pedi-cabs and offer ride similar to Uber . ''
I live in an area where there are a lot of senior citizen so driving can sometimes be scary , and I think this city would greatly benefit from public transportation . However , I think something that would benefit the environment would be the most helpful , so I think pushcart would be a lot of fun , or even horse drawn carriage . Not only would these be better for the environment , but I think the older people would appreciate the old-fashioned nature of such public transport system . ''
I 'd like to see a Segway-type transporter that the driver step into a capsule and navigates to their destination . This would require standing , so people would use it for short trip or if seated , perhaps could hold two people . ''
Using electric car a the main source of transportation . By using renewable energy a a way to recharge the car , we would dramatically change the way we use energy for the better . ''
Bike or scooter sharing for each block . Each neighbor would contribute a monthly fee .
In my neighborhood it would be like a monorail system . Something that you could get on at one stop and take it to another are you would want to go . Connecting location you would visit .
Personal transport is very important . childrens go to school .

Motorcycle/ Scooter is very useful . ''
Bike taxi -- hook up a carriage to a bike and charge people for short-distance ride
The future of transport in my city is likely a self driving car service system . There will be kiosk with car waiting and you simply go into the car , put your destination into a computer and pay . It is a simple a that . The self driving car will know how to avoid traffic and accident and will automatically take the shortest and most sensible route to any destination . The self driving car will allow for multiple passenger and the car will vary in size . ''
automated taxi service . driver-less car
maybe a flying car to avoid traffic
self driving pod car you can hail easily
Adding Hoverboard and segway lane so pedestrian no longer have to fear being run over on the sidewalk .
a lazy river in the summer would be a fun way to get around
My idea is a bicycle that ha a solar panel covered frame so that when you are riding it the energy that come into the solar panel is stored in a battery that you can use to power your phone or other electronics . The battery is also easily transportable so that you can take it with you into your office/home to power other electronics inside a well .
The terrain where I live can make public transportation hard to develop . It is very hilly . There is a main highway/route that run straight enough that a rail system could work . It would be good to get people to the more populated section that could then hook up easily with other mode of public transportation ( which do not exist right now but it could be done ) . It would not be high speed a there would need to be several stop along the way . It could be done with an electric source that would not be harmful for pollution .
Future transportation in my neighborhood would be by air . Cars will travel in the air and park on top of roof building . Gas would not cost that much and it will be le crowed on the street .
People Visiting Daily for Transporting Cars .
A van with movie while you ride to your destination .
Stalls that allow people to rent and drop off bicycle so they can get around the city without wasting gas and causing pollution . Implant GPS device inside the bike so they ca n't be stolen .
I would love to see heated sidewalk , so that everyone can walk safely in downtown Pittsburgh safely . ''
helicopter ride when lot of traffic
Best place to go in short distance
Self-driving Uber cab .
I want a large , underground series of tunnel that offer a combination of walking path , bike path , and people mover so that people can easily move around the city during winter . As this would have a large number of entrance and exists , it would be more flexible ( and cheaper ) than the subway . ''
I wish my city had rental bicycle placed around the city , where I could insert a card and it would temporarily charge my card $ 15 , then when I return that bicycle , I get a $ 10 credit . That way , I spend $ 5 to rent the bicycle , but in case I do n't return it or I return it damaged , I 've paid $ 15 towards it . ''
A specific lane in which you have to pay money to use . It could be like 30-40 a month , there is a microchip in the car that can tell if you do n't belong there , and it alert the police . This lane money could go to taxes/education and the like . The lane is only restricted to paying customer during regular work hour . Any other time it 's not policed , and anyone can use it . ''
Get some large van and people who are going to the same general area to work can all ride together . They take turn driving . It 'll be like kid ' school bus but for adult . It 'll save money and help bond co-worker together . There will be enough room for a lot of people so the chance of an incident are slim . It 'll also help when it 's bad weather because some people are afraid to drive in it and this would ease some of that stress . Plus , they could all share in the maintenance and gas for the bus/car so that could save them a lot of money . ''
A company that pick you up in a car of your choice .
I propose an idea that would rely on strong wire much like telephone wire that would be used to support a small train carriage like car or pod . I see this a being better than a railway a it would be not a expensive to implement .
Uber bus .
Not just in my neighborhood but metro-wide , my city recently established time share bicycle people can rent and ride when they have a short distance to travel . The bike are all of the same design , having a large sturdy frame painted light blue , three gear ( the gear box is inside the rear wheel axle , and LED blinker light for safety . Necessarily , it 's a one-size-fits-all arrangement ; there 's no way to raise or lower the seat unless you carry your own tool around with you , so if you 're a tall person and use one of these bike you 'll be knocking yourself in the chin with your knee . ''
Hoverboard rental . You order , somebody brings one to your house , and you can use it a a low-emissions ( and fun ! ) way to run nearby errand . And if it catch on fire , it 's not yours anyway ! ''
a subway train that becomes a plane
There need to be a system , where test must be conducted before someone can engage in a vehicle . For example , these test might include a breathanalyzer or a sleep test . These test will dramatically reduce the number of death by preventing accident . ''
Our society 's population is expanding at a rapid rate . The typical modern day mode of transportation , while convenient , have a few downside . Every mean of transportation , with the exception of walking , ha cost that come with it . This range from having to pay for the cost of gas to paying the physical price of not getting the proper amount of exercise our body where meant to have via walking to our destination . There is one option that could solve these issue . Imagine a small grass field , similar to the one you find at playground , with a small parking lot . Within this parking lot would be a couple of electric powered car attached to power station . These setup would be available every few block ( about a frequent a modern bus-stops ) . Within the field beside the car station would be stationary work out equipment . These would be modeled after the free-to-use exercise station in place like China . They would have equipment such a : bench press , ellipticals , bike , etc . All of these would be wired underground to the charging station attached to the car . The energy created from the movement of each device will directly charge the car in the station . Off to the side of each piece of equipment would be a touchscreen . A person can set up an account at their local government building , providing a valid driver 's license , e-mail address , and credit or debit card number . When signed in , each account can track how much a person exercised and convert it to an 'available mile for usage ' number . This mean that the more a person us this equipment , creating more energy for the car , the more mile the person would be allowed to use the car for . This however also mean , that prior to using the car they would have to deduct the amount of mile they plan to use from their account . If the person should go over their allotted mile , they will then be subsequently charged on their provided credit card . This encourages people to work-out more at these station , so they can avoid the fee for using the car . This set-up would immensely help those who financially ca n't afford their own form of transportation , while promoting a healthier lifestyle in a way that could easily fit into our society 's demanding everyday regime . ''
COSTLY CAR FOR RIDE , GOOD LOOKING MOTOR CYCLE , FULLY SECURED PUBLIC BUSES , FAST ELECTRICAL TRAINS , GOOD LOOKING BICYCLES ''
peer to peer sharing of vehicle within a neighborhood . there is accountability with keeping the vehicle clean since it is shared within a community .
A series of small , 2-seater autonomous electric vehicle designed to transport people , on call , to the regular bus route that already run . Think of them a the vehicular solution to the 'last mile problem ' . This would allow people to completely dispose of their car , while allowing people with little mobility to utilize the bus system . Because the autonomous system is limited to the neighborhood -- i.e . road where the speed limit is , at a maximum , 25 mph -- the vehicle can be pretty lightweight , since they wo n't have to deal with the problem of high-speed crash . Being autonomous , the vehicle can be used by *anyone* of any age . Because they are electrically powered , they place no additional hydrocarbon in the atmosphere . Because they are in the neighborhood , they place the bus system within everyone 's reach . Because everyone can use them , day or night , the number of car on the road can be reduced substantially , thus reducing the hydrocarbon emission problem considerably . Reducing the number of car on the roadway make *every* neighborhood 'walkable ' : the dream of urban planner everywhere . The vehicle could be assembled and maintained locally , therefore providing local employment . Funding could come out of already-existing local transportation millages : reducing local pollution rate would increase local property value . A small investment in this innovative solution could result in a large increase of the quality of life for everyone ! ''
There are two different mode of transportation within my city . The first one is a car . They usually have four door on the left and right side of them that open outwardly . There are four wheel and window towards the top of the vehicle for viewing . The steering gear is located in the front seat on the left hand side and is controlled by the driver .
I envision a new transportation system where we use old school bus to transport people to work . The bus should be turned into green vehicle electric , hybrid or the like . ''
I think for small town like mine ( 20,000 ) we should have a cross between a trolley and a hoverboard . If we took small platform ( about the size of the floor of a train car ) and set them up with superconductors to allow levitation , the platform could move along on enclosed rail and move slowly enough that people can hop on and off at platform with no danger . The entire system could be above street level . The speed would be about 5 mph with platform every block . ''
I would love a peer to peer internet service provider which relied on a mesh of all the subscriber own wireless and wired network . Everyone in the town could pay a tiny fee , buy some network equipment , and have internet for life . Many different commercial service provider could be multiplexed and redundancy would be enormous . If any of the local service provider were down , you wouldnt even know it because of the mesh of user with other provider , location ( which might be unaffected by outage ) , and medium . Cell phone could also share data and bolster the redundancy in disaster .



( this response describes a method for transport of data and allocation of network bandwidth . )

( `` '' You can look at in from different perspective eg . Network/ Personal transport/ Technologies etc '' '' )



If i misunderstood the meaning of `` '' look at in from different perspective eg , Network/Per ... ... ... '' '' please contact me a soon a possible and i can produce a new idea . ''
Solar powered GPS driverless pod that run route like bus would , at set time , and set travel location . The most traveled destination can have more pod transporting people at peak time to cut down on environmental impact . All networked together and they can be re-routed to higher impact area when more people need transportation . ''
An innovative transportation system in my neighborhood would be piggy-back ride . It would be not only helpful to young and old alike , but a great strengthening exercise . It 's a small community where carrying people down the street to the library or up the street to the hospital would be an excellent way to build inner personal relationship between neighbor . ''
We should have an underground subway system . For a city a large a the one I live in it would make sense . It would be faster for everyone and clear the road of bus that clog up traffic during rush hour .
bicycle rickshaw
There are many back road and residential route around my neighborhood , so speed is n't a much of an issue to keep pace with traffic . I 'd imagine a fleet of scooter that could be rented cheaply and easily could help resident get around town without much issue . ''
We currently have a PRT system , which is basically electric car running on a raised track . They are cheap , not many job are required to operate it ( relative to bus and the like ) but those that do operate it , pay pretty well .



I would like to see something like this , but on ground level . Instead of having bus stop every hour , we could have car automatically drive to the designated stop that would be flagged by a button ( when you pay your fair or something ) and could transport 1-10 people or so quickly . There could be a quick turnaround and it could be planned to stop at any of the major spot around the town , giving quick and easy access without the need for car ( also reducing pollution )



The area it cover and it being electric give a lot of opportunity for solar power a well , which would reduce the carbon footprint . ''
our city is metro .population is a big problem there and traffic too .large no of people use public transport like train and bus but also use scooter in large no a it easy to go to place when there is lot of traffic on rad to avoid jam .
A flexible public transport system that shuttle student from my neighborhood to the school
I 'd like to see some sort of autonomous shared fleet of car that are fueled in some sort of environmentally friendly way . Solar panel on the roof ? Maybe bike pedaling inside if you want to exercise and provide a small amount of power ? I feel like autonomous car alone will save a ton of energy just by eliminating traffic jam . And cut down on wind resistance since you would n't need to keep the traditional design necessarily .
A roaming private car that you can pay by the mile or carpool . Basically , the car would go up and down the street or area and put trip together ( like going to the grocery store or the same shopping center ) and split the cost , so it can be a affordable a a bus but more private . ''
My idea is a completely automated bus system . This would include a self driving bus moving on a predetermined route with multiple stop .
Ride share bike and car business . You would be able to pick up either a car or a bike from a location , that way if you need ot go a long distance you can use a car , if not you can grab a bike . ''
Hover board would be a great way for people to get from place to place while not using gas . They can charge it the night before and have it last all day without fail . Monthly cleaning will be needed . Not only would it save from using gas it will be the most popular form of transportation out there .
Moped rental . Like bike rental , these are open access place where someone can rent a small vehicle like a moped or scooter by using their credit card or maybe their ID a their `` '' deposit '' '' . If they steal the vehicle or damage it , they are billed , but otherwise , must simply have the vehicle back in their stall at the designated time . On-board computer diagnose the vehicle to check for problem or missing part , and a GPS keep track of them for asset protection and data collection purpose . ''
Sidewalks that zoom super fast and have highly synchronized rotation panel that slide you on and off without disrupting your balance or equilibrium .
I see a totally different way of transportation in the future . I see solar a powered tram replacing all the bus and since the cost is so much lower there will be many more of them so you can get anywhere you want to go anytime . In addition to the in city tram there will be a super high speed solar powered train that can go 150 mph or more ! That will make it so what used to be a 2 hour drive or more will now be a short train ride away . For those who do not want to take the tram there will be an unmanned flying drone taxi . All you do it either tell it your destination or input the location yourself and it automatically take you there .
A rail system that hang over the road where train are suspeended from above and can carry hundred of people
A cablecar system
A overhanging monorail . There are a lot of key location close together , this would be great for my town . ''
A monorail type transportation system .
A grid system in which people load and unload off of a small transit rail .
I would like a non-gas mode of transportation to be created for our area such a a horse drawn carriage where the horse are treated really well but they also go fast and get u where we need to go .
Golf cart - I think these are amazing vehicle that are being under-utilized in America . They would be great in urban , suburban and rural community alike . There are many us in modern America that these vehicle could fill and reduce the high cost of maintaining the automobile , truck and other motor vehicle we all use for errand , travel to work , etc . ''
I think it should be a tunnel that everyone get in and you press a button to where you wan na go and it will take you there in a flash .
Have a system of skylift that can transport people within the city . This could really reduce traffic congestion . This network go above the ground traffic and move quickly .
I think an automatic bus , possibly on a rail system so the time would be more predictable and rigorous . ''
A moving sidewalk could be useful in some area of my neighbourhood .
An electrical bike share program . In my town , many people want to take bike , but do n't want to pedal . If the bike were electric they would be used a lot more often . ''
A hoverboard that is powered by solar power
I can drive myself anywhere with my car for a long a I have gas .
So there are tunnel everywhere and these circle elevator . You step on a circle and hey presto , you are in a tunnel . It 's well lit and the floor move . Also , all the electrical grid is down there , so you do n't need that . ''
in my neighborhood - horse & cart
A scooter type machine that get good gas mileage and go faster than a normal scooter , but it ha a roof and a system that protects people from outdoor element . ''
hoverboard system

skateboard-only

electric only vehicle , or vehicle only powered by electricity ''
I imagine a way to ride a school bus to various spot on it route . You would be pre-screened a an adult who could act a a school bus monitor and at the same time gain transportation to a location near the school . It would solve the problem of kid riding unsupervised and give another public transportation option in the neighborhood .
A new form of transportation that could be well used in my community would be a large seating vehicle that took people on and off the local military base . There are 5 base here and in the morning and evening commute there are traffic issue around those base . A way to remove at least half the vehicle could cut down on pollution and traffic around the base for people off the base a well a on . This would be a military carpool of sort to also eliminate parking issue .
There should be paid service for a bus route to pick up people who live right outside a city . I will use my self a an example for my idea . I live about 20 mile for a major city . If I did n't have a automobile I would not be able to get anywhere important . Now the nearest cilty ha a bus route only for those in the city . But there are plenty of people who would use a rural bus . A bus could pick up multiple people in the rural area . The school bus service already doe this , I do n't know why the city could come up with a plan to offer public transportation for adult living in rural area . It 's just very stupid that this is not a thing in Houston . ''
Have a system of sidewalk rail car that attache to the sidewalk of a city . Each rail car can carry passenger anywhere in the city to any destination and stop at any time on it route . This system of transportation will greatly reduce city congestion while doe n't interfere with any of the vehicle that are already on the road .
It would be a form of high speed rail that is extremely quiet and run on Solar energy .
what is needed is a tubular powered zipline based transportation system . a combination of pnewumatic and electric power will propel people from place to place in a similar manner to a ski lift except it would just be a small tube that ha a chain of sort running in it along the sidewalk . all you would have to do is to have a harness on and when you need to go to one of the destination you hook on to the line that is color coded for your destination and cruise on down there . Not the most comfortable way to travel but the infrastructure for a neighborhood would be relatively inexpensive .
van that drive the same route all the time that charge a small fee
A new transportation system us solar panel on the road to empower vehicle to travel around the city . As vehicle get on the road , it automatically connects on the server of the road and energy stored on box on street corner come one . These vehicle do not use gasoline , ethanol or diesel . It is greenhouse and us electricity collected from the sun . Renewable energy that save money and free to the entire resident meaning a long a the sun still shine , vehicle will work . ''
Have motorcycle driver go around the city picking up passenger . It would be fun for the passenger and cause le pollution .
Another way of transportation would be tube , such a in Futurama .

The tube act a a vacuum and 'carries ' you to your destination in the neighborhood . ''
Ride bicycle . Get some exercise , leave early and ride a bike . ''
One day per month ( at least ) car should be banned from the road . Some bus could be allowed to allow for transportation of people who ca n't walk or bike , but this would be a great way to encourage human-powered transport and allow people to see the fun in this activity without increased danger from car traffic . This would also be great for the environment . ''
driverless pod that can be paged by using a phone app .
Public transportation would be ran on hybrid engine , that would be better for emission , and far more fuel efficient . Future transportation would be far more fuel efficient that run on alternate form of power , rather than fossil fuel such a gasoline . These new vehicle would rely le on the oil resource and be cleaner , and far more efficient than before . ''
a fun car that always tell joke to the passenger
Currently , I live in a small town that ha a public transportation system . However , you have to call and wait for the bus to pick you up , instead of waiting at a pre-determined stop , and it can take forever to get where you 're going . I propose a busing system that 's like the one in bigger city for my neighborhood . People could still call and wait for a bus , but bus should also stop and pick people up at predetermined stop at regular interval . ''
There could be a really good motorcycle driver that would drive fast and come pick you up . He would know back road and side ally very well . He could weve in and out of traffic and get you somewhere really fast .
It would be great if we all had hoverboards and could get around like that !
A tram . We do n't really have tram in the Ohio . It 's kind of like a smaller version of a train , but very quiet and low energy . It run on track and electricity . ''
Air Transport - Fastest mode of transport and provides vital support to the national security and defence
I 'd love a system that is like Uber but just for cheap , shared ride home from the train . It 'd cost le than a buck for everyone and operate a a shuttle for people that live within 5 min of the train . ''
Taxis that drive themselves
Movable sidewalk , like a super cool huge treadmill ''
Off the ground magnetic rail have high speed autonomous train that anyone can use , and it get you to area much faster than can now be done . ''
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil . Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function a a vessel for a variety of reason .
Electric rail transport . They existed in Detroit before GM had them eliminated . Essentially bicycle lane with individual vehicle instead that run on electric wire .
Paying a fee for a bike that could be used monthly . There would be multiple station set up where you could place the bike and switch out for others .
I would like to see a modern underground railway system installed in my neighbourhood . It would be noiseless and very fast . The railway will connect all the neighbourhood together making it easier to move around . The train would be making stop every half hour to pick up and drop passenger .
Create an underground rail system that allows people to travel to all major hub of the city . This would save gas and ease pollution .
A bus that allows you to be part of a reward system that reward frequent user to get discount .
A monorail sort of train , raised over the cityscape and nearly silent a it pass overhead . There would be platform raised up several story high , with elevator to reach street level . The train would be sleek and shiny silver or white , gleaming in the sun . The train would change smoothly and seamlessly from track to track , so that each one can have a different route . ''
I would like an interchangeable form of light rail , in which the train would have several compartment that would be destined for multiple location . That way you just get on the train , and the train go to an interchange . At the interchange the compartment are separated ( I imagine they are held together by magnet ) and grouped together by location . Once all the compartment that are going to the same area are together , the train leaf . It would work like changing train , except you would n't have to go outside . ''
future transport is important to our life .
EASILY RENTABLE CAR SERVICE
One on rail , but it ha seat inside a bubble that hang below the rail . ''
Similar to the idea of car ride sharing , there could be bike sharing . This already exists on some level , but those bike are terrible and slow . The bike could be outfitted with an electric motor , and the motor could be charged via solar panel at the bike station . This way , people would be more inclined to use them because it would be really easy to get up the hill around here . ''
An automated car pickup system . You connect via an app on a computer , tablet , or cell phone and let the system know the time you need to leave ; it then sends a size appropriate vehicle to your door to pick you up and on your way you go ! ''
no but the same
special path for speedwalkers only , no slow walker , no jogger , just speedwalkers ''
Small drone of the size of bird should be invented so that they can monitor the city properly
Flying cell phone
A ship that take you around town within minute and cost le than other method of transportation .
Bus line that run on algorythms generated by apps on citizen ' phone in order to insure adequate service and reduce waste . In off hour , user can `` '' ping '' '' the authority before they reach the stop they expect to be picked up at . ''
a walkway above the road . it would be totally enclosed and go parallel to the road , not across the road . so people can walk to work/down the main drag without being outside . this would facilitate walking to work . ''
Having charter bus pick you up from designated spot around the city and dropping you off in various location around , such a the mall , grocery etc . ''
Have a business where driver rent car , for hour and not day . The car can be electric car . Make them the cheapest car possible . Make it for around the metro area only - and have the credit card swiper built into the car itself . In other word If you rent three hour with the car , it go dead until you pay for more time . If someone take it out of the pre-defined boundary of the city the car go dead . You would have these little rental kiosk set up all over the city . ''
Underground tunnel . Underground tunnel that allows people to walk during the rain around the neighborhood .
My idea is : Have you worked int he food industry ?
A local-government sponsored ridesharing service , much like Uber . However , the proprietor will be the local government , so the commission from ride will be reinvested into the local community . ''
Footpath that move like an escalator . You get on the footpath which ha arrow on it show the direction in which it move . You will be able to turn with the help of remote control . Has a stop button in case of emergency . And must be solar powered .
The last new type of teleportation that I can think of would be tube that connected to certain place and people could get in them to be pushed through to the other end of the tube to another area . They would be large and everywhere so it would only take up space in the air and there would be lot of place to go to .
We could create tube connecting major street that could fit people and ship them through the tunnel in a small fast moving container .
Conveyor belt that run on the sidewalk .
Cell phone teleport
Click to teleport
In my neighborhood , any public transportation would be new . We could make rentable bicycle that are in a convenient location ''
Use bicycle a the exclusive form of transportation . Get rid of all car .
There should be a system where you can call for the bus to pick you up instead of it stopping at certain stop . It would go to the certain stop also but also pick you up if it ha extra space in the time it ha so it can save the Earth with carpooling .
I see the potential for self-driving car to replace taxi service . People would call an automated line , or perhaps interact with a site/app on their computers/phones , to schedule to be picked up by the service . Meanwhile , a network that keep track of all self-driving car in it region would figure out which car wa closest or would have to deviate the least to pick up the passenger within 5-10 minute of being hailed . These car could be compartmentalized to hold four or six passenger without individual having to worry about undesired contact with the other passenger . The car could run on electricity and the network would consider battery life with regard to planning route and destination . ''
I think a drone transport system that would carry people , good and other item would be a great service . An even better idea is if wa peer run , meaning run by people in your neighborhood , and all the profit would be split . ''
I would suggest that there would be bullet train/subway that would rely on solar power/cooking oil/grease . It would connect to all part of the continent . It would be energy efficient .
I would imagine a street car type system that would connect each neighborhood .
A bicycle rickshaw service .
I would love a uber that can run on water and land !
My idea relates to my current job in my team lead department : We just need to get on the same page and make sure we are training the new people the same way , or very similar so that are n't any confusion when they go on their own . My idea for WHEN WE ARE TRAINING is to simply develop an exact process that we would do . Step-by-step for the newcomer so there is n't any confusion at all for them or if they have to work with another trainer . This way , we all a trainer , train the exact same way . ''
A walking pathway across every rooftop in the city . It would cut down on danger from car , and it 'd be fun to see the scenery . This could easily be constructed with some good , sturdy plank . Line them up on the roof , screw them in or hammer them in . Every building would have a fire escape on it for easy access back to the street . This would save much time a you could go `` '' a the eagle fly . '' '' straight across the roof . ''
Transportation is mostly done by car nowadays , but why do n't we use rocket powered shoe instead ? Flying with footwear is not only cool , it would be much faster than driving . ''
Taxi drone would be cool . You could tell it where you want to go and it could use GPS technology to pick you up and drop you off .
Well-defined bicycle lane throughout the neighborhood , to promote safety for cyclist and pedestrian . Also allows for better control of traffic and foster better feeling between vehicleists and bicyclist . ''
Small car running remotely on designated path evenly spaced that stop when a button is pushed on the side walk .
I wish we had a monorail between the airport and our city . We are n't connected to any public transportation system , but more than 70 % of our resident travel by plane more than once a year . Many people travel for work , etc . Rather than each of u driving and paying to park our car there , if we could stay in our suburb and take the monorail ( or train ) to and from it would save a great deal of money and time . ''
Super fast car
I think driverless taxi service are going to be the dominant transportation system in the future . Sort of like having a whole bunch of Uber driver out there picking up whoever need it . I do n't think that vehicle ownership will be nearly a widespread a it is these day , a driverless car will be far safer . ''
Have a transportation system in the city where there is a tunneling system filled miniature train with small passenger capacity . These miniature train can take people directly to their destination and the best part is that because they are small , there can be a large number of them running underneath the city . ''
Have the street be le wide , in order to have small row garden on the side on the sidewalk . This interactive , edible walkway would promote and provide sidewalk snack and usability . Easy fresh pick veggetables and fruit , le flooding and more city beauty ! ''
My neighborhood is very organized , but ha very few bus . I 'd love to see a ski 'pod ' style transportation . There would be several station , and you would enter a pod , and ride . There would be a whole network of pod so you could go all over town . It will also be overhead , like over the sidewalk and bike path . ''
a new type of rail system with certain drop off point , but the rail system is above the road so it doesnt interfere with people driving car . ''
An on demand bicycle system where a truck ( with a trailer ? ) will bring a bicycle to your current location and then you can leave it in place when you 're done . Reservations could be made in advance using an app .
In the interest of reducing traffic and accident , a new series of self-driving only road and lane are opened . On these road , ONLY self driving car are authorized to drive , and on them there are no speed limit ( not that the self-driving car would be going that much faster than normal ) . Unfettered by the chaos of common road and the limitation of human judgement , these exclusively self-driving vehicle area allow the navigational AIs to coordinate for an optimally fast and efficient journey . ''
nicer bike path so more people would be happy to ride a bike
Segways ! Segway sidewalk that go over street and above the normal sidewalk people walk on so you can ride your segway without stopping for traffic or having to worry about a pedestrian taking up space to get by . Segway sidewalk can even run on the edge of a major highway in bigger city like mine to keep route short and simple . We can even make the segway charge on solar power so they will never go dead while you 're out running about .
I think that some sort of charging commuter car should be parked in every neighborhood . People could coordinate commute time and use electric car instead of gas , in exchange they pay $ 1 a day to drive the car per person . ''
A car pooling app . Non-drivers and those looking for regular ride who normally carpool would join the community and hook up with driver who are going to their general destination . There would be a monthly fee , which would lowered and even be removed if someone drives/uses their car enough . For example , it 's $ 5 per month , and every time YOU drive it go down by .50 cent . There 's incentive for both non-drivers ( a small fee for ride ) and driver ( free membership , maybe some gas reimbursement ) . ''
A vehicle which doe not have contact with the earth . That mean the vehicle repels with the earth , that is a force against the gravity . The repulsion is constantly managed a new technology so that the vehicle have a permanent distance from the earth . Pressure controller can be used to create pressure variation in the air and the vehicle move to the lower pressure area with the air . ''
A network of quadcopters ( drone ) large enough to transport human . Let 's say you need to get to the other side of town quickly , and want to avoid traffic -- get in a drone and have it deliver you by air ! ''
The transportation will be in similar vehicle but on a more fixed schedule , based on the need to be fixed to an automatic track . Users will log into apps and schedule ride like Uber and traffic space will be monetized . ''
Transportation which have free GPS system in it , available for all passenger . ''
An autonomous car service . This would require the building and investing into self driving car . You would have a mobile app you can call and request a car and one is immediately dispatched to you . Using your phone you tell it where you want to go . It navigates there . Best of all , this would be free - or very cheap . ''
it 'd be cool to have a rent a shop throughout the city for people who are n't able to afford bicycle or scooter , or any other sort of transportation . the can rent an item , and return it at the other part of town . ''
To avoid traffic , airway is most suitable transportation system in the near future . Drones which are capable to carry a person is need to developed . ''
The subway station can be replaced with magnetic levitation train . The subway train use electrically charged magnet to lift and move above the rail track .
I think a spiral starting from the center of the city going out to the edge of the city . The spiral should be able to get all the area if it 's only 2-3 block wide . It would have a dedicated lane so traffic would n't affect the bus and vice versa . There would be a way to quickly have people enter and exit the bus and this would keep it on time . Of course the bus is electric powered .
An underground network system in the neighborhood , like a subway but only bike and small motorcycle can travel through . This will be a good way to protect against the weather and steer clear of any incoming car . ''
company that come in the early morning and scrap and snow/ice off my car
I think my neighborhood would benefit from one of those pedal bike bar for the downtown area . There is a lot of history and what better way to enjoy it than while sipping a nice drink and getting some exercise
Vacuum tube that transport people around pneumatically . Tubes can go above or below ground and will be powered by compressed air .
I think teleportation would be awesome . Would n't need car anymore , save on oil and fume in the environment . People would be happier because they would n't be stuck in traffic or have to drive hour to see long distance family member . ''
My neighborhood is rural with no public transportation so I believe any addition will be good . However , I feel my town is the perfect candidate for an innovative public bus system . Energy efficient bus for long trip around my town , which doe not have a standard grid pattern and therefore different to organize . Bus route could be organized using a web pattern , allowing traveler to transfer easily . This map could be viewed on a mobile app or website , which could also let user know when the next bus closest to them ( via gps ) is . ''
Seasonal Idea - You get picked up by a SLEIGH looking car ( Christmas Season ) or a Chinese 2 wheeler ( spring/summer ) . Other idea related to season a well - Valentines Day/St Patty Day/Independence Day Themed etc
Autonomic driving car that can drive without the user 's attention . This will eliminate traffic , death and some job . ''
Should be an uber limo that pick party of people up ! ! !
An automated railway sytem that run through the major street of the city , which stop at hub where rider can get out and either walk the rest of the way , or rent a bicycle , or small automated pod car to finish the rest of their trip to their destination . ''
My city is a little small and close together . Most people use a car or the bus . I think it would be a great idea if more people rode bicycle , and I do n't think it would take much longer to get where they need to go . ''
Railway/ Trains/ Subways is very poor people useful transport
A Transportation which is used for elder and physically challenged people .
I picture a streamlined 'box ' like a cable car that is hanging from a line or track throughout the city . It would be shaped like a rectangle with smooth edge and very compact and sleak . It glide up to the booth where people may get on and each cable car 'box ' can hold 6 people in 3 row of 2 with a small walking aisle to the side .
road that are like people mover so that you dont really have to drive they just move the car for you , save gas and no accident ''
A new transportation system would include a mono rail system that is built above the street and sidewalk where pedestrian can move quickly from one side of the city to the next with having to negotiate with traffic . Once you get to your train station destination there will be a system of bus who would be at the train station waiting to take you to a variety of different bus station . The bus would pick up and drop off and would take you to and from the monorail system .
solar powered mini bus system - florida
Everything would be done through a smartphone app . It would be a transport system that gather everyone together with common interest . It would be a way to make friend and get to your destination .
A public bus transport system that will alllow commuter to get from point A to point B . This will allow for citizen to save money and be energy efficient .
road with different speed limit so people that want to drive faster can go on one and people driving slower on the other
My idea is a telephone that automatically lock itself down so that when you are in transport via car or any other mode of transportation it can not be used until it detects you are no longer in transport .
An underground tunnel system just for people , bike and moped . The idea is that all the car and congestion can stay up above and people can safely walk or transport themselves around without worrying about car and bus getting in the way or being run over by them . Every so often there is a ramp that allows you to exit , a well a natural light through grate and proper ventilation . It would also be a great way to get around when it snow . ''
In the future , self driving cab can be summoned via mobile phone , to pick up the driver and take them to a particular destination via a touchscreen or other similar interface located inside the vehicle . Some difficulty may occur if the passenger is unsure of the address of his or her destination , but a trained attendant can be called to determine the location for the passenger . ''
A concept similar to Uber , but with a bus . Especially in a city the socialization factor of riding with other passenger while going to a destination could be nice . You would be able to specifically request stop and pickup . ''
An elevated air-tram service that connects to other major transportation option . Since it 's above-ground , it can bypass a lot of traffic and one-way street that plague and slow-down current option . ''
Zip line all over ! Can go building to building .
have school bus equiped with gps so you can track and not have the kid wait out in the cold .
I would rent golf cart in the summer to the elderly without car so they could shop .
A new way of transportation that will change how you commute . This innovation will make commuting fun and will reduce your stress of traveling .
There would be a street train that would take people from downtown down the main road to the city limit . It would also connect to service to the next big city over . Bus service would be more frequent , and Uber would be allowed to begin service . ''
Personal drone helicopter that people can fly around in . This would be useful in place such a city .
we need individual stand up scooter for city almost like the 2 wheeled one we have now but run on electric under the road , or even like personal unicycle that take people around . totally different topic how about Walmart allows you to make your shopping list online and they drop it off at your house on route city distribution ''
An elevated train that ran throughout the city .
Maybe like a neighborhood taxi that would be assigned to a specific neighborhood , and would circulate and pick up people at a discounted rate ! ''
My idea alternative transportation in the neighborhood would be horseback . There would be nice safe wide equestrian trail throughout allowing you to visit neighbor , go to the convenience or grocery store which would have hitching post . Motorized vehicle would be limited to passenger cars/trucks . ''
It would have to be something that is a hybrid that help the environment where when you get into it it 's propelled by recycled human waste . I know it sound a little weird but if you realize how much of it there is it would be awesome to get the benefit of those of a botanist in outer space for instance like in the movie `` '' The Marsian '' '' and apply it to car transportation . ''
My neighborhood would have electric , self-driving bus that charge when it stop at stoplight through inductive charging . ''
Make hovercars to get people around . There is a guy in Canada that actually made a hover car , so it would be great if you could move that idea over to a car . Make them solar powered so they are kinder to the environment . ''
all of use u then car is comfertable at the every movement
I think we should incentivize walking . Tax break for people who walk to/from work . Discounts offered by business if you walk to their store . Municipalities will save by not needing to pave/upkeep road . Less impermeable surface mean le runoff to deal with , etc etc . Sometimes the best innovation is redeploying the simplest of technology ... ''
Future cityscape will be re-designed in such a fashion where all transportation will be a efficient a possible , through grouping all business , school , hospital , etc . together in different districts/areas . All transportation will be through public modality , no private mode of transportation will exist . ''
I feel like a sleek looking car that function a a hovering vehicle would be great .

Could work on water and land , how about that ! ''
THE ALTERNATIVE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM IS VERY USEFUL TO TRANSPORT ALL THE PRODUCTS AND ITS TIME SAVING
A online map real time of the bus and train the area . Buses and train are n't usually on time and having real on time traffic will show if it a bad bad to drive .
Something like the company UBER that us school bus , or lynx bus to pick up large group of people quickly . If a family of 25 all want to go somewhere and no one ha a car ... have no fear BuUBER is here ! ''
Obviously self driving car are going to be the norm in 10 year . It 's basically just a standard vehicle with additional software and mechanical component that let it interact with the road and other vehicle without user input . You 'll be able to just hop in and be taken to wherever you need to go that ha a road to it while you relax .
Uber carpooling : People who are going to a similar destination can choose to carpool .
A covered moving sidewalk that allows you to walk on it a well so you get to where you need but also get exercise . It would run throughout the city .
Our new transportation system would involve golf cart . Several road would be designated a golf-cart-only area and include parking . New path could be created because they take up le space than normal road and even designated lane on existing road could be defined to use existing infrastructure . The environment would be healthier with le pollutant , crowding would be le due to smaller size vehicle , and it would even encourage healthier lifestyle out in the air and sunshine . ''
Seated railway . A small seat on track that would take you around at slow speed .
I can imagine my neighborhood having a high speed maglev train . It will levitate on top of a rail that will span around the entire city to avoid traffic . It will be fast and efficient to provide good transportation service .
My idea is of a drive-on subway . Just like car can be driven onto ferry , where a person can stay in there car while the ferry transport them across the water and then drive off the ferry onto land again once the ferry ha reached it destination , drive-on subway would allow something similar . Certain stop would not be for people boarding , but for car . The car would go into specialized compartment and the driver would be required to stay in their vehicle so a not to cause any danger . The car would be allowed to drive off of the subway vehicle at certain stop too . This way , people could be using both the subway system and their car at the same time , so they end up with the benefit of both ! The subway can take them somewhere along it route , and their car can take them the rest of the way where the subway doe n't go . It would cut down on traffic and probably encourage people to take the subway even when they 're not using their car . A lot of people are hesitant to try public transit , but once they try it , they find it efficient , so this would really show people how efficient it can be .

While on board the subway , the people in car would see light in their compartment , just like a stoplight , telling them when it is okay to drive off . The door would automatically open at every stop where car are allowed to exit , and then a green light would go on that the driver could easily see , so they 'd know it 's their time to drive off . When it turn to yellow , it mean the door are closing soon , so the driver should either hurry up or choose to stay on . Of course , the door would have motion-sensors so they would n't close on a car either way . There would also be map inside each compartment with car showing where the stop are , so a driver can prepare for where they need to get off at . ''
A system where car are left with the key in them but they require a passcode to unlock that is only obtained by renting the car . It can then be parked in special spot around the city for the next person to use .
Ziplining through town , both individual 'cars ' and 'cars ' that carry multiple people . ''
train
Helicopter on demand . This would cater to the richer people in society . Instead of hailing a cab , you use your smart phone to summon a helicopter that land near your home . You get inside and it take you to your destination , must faster than a car could . ''
Moving roadway , like people mover at the airport . ''
A motorized scooter program where you can rent them from station throughout the city .
AIRWAYS - AIR TRANSPORT IS BEST FOR EMERGENCY PURPOSE . BUT LITTLE COSTLY .
An AI that tell certain bus or train to slow down at a certain rate to decrease accident making traffic more efficient .
subway
The sidewalk could all be movable .
We could really use a ride sharing option in my neighborhood . I suggest having a neighborhood website that allows worker to post their work location and schedule so that worker can meet up and arrange to share a ride to work .
I would love to see some kind of computer-operated taxi service in my city . The road would be a lot safer of car were n't being driven by human , and I feel like people would be a lot more productive . I would love if I could just sit in the backseat and read or do work on my way to work , instead of having to pay attention to the road every second . It would also save money from having to buy a car if I could jsut call one of these taxi whenever I need to go somewhere . ''
Surfboard skooter , ha a handle but more room for passenger or belonging ''
a fan that go on top of your outdoor HVAC unit . The exhaust from the HVAC turn the fan , which then generates electricity . ''
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil . Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function a a vessel for a variety of reason .
A form of transportation similar to an airlift , only the seat are at terminal on the ground . You board and they take you to predesignated stop in a direct line , free of traffic . Like a shuttle or train , only on a smaller scale , and ideally seat come in much more frequently , every 30 second or so . ''
It would be this , maybe people who are in prison ( for misdemeanor ) could get some sunlight in the da , and drive around people in the neighorhood who need ride ! ''
A hover board sharing service . Like a car rental but with hover board . Must be located near bike path .
I think automated car that work like taxi would be great . They would have short range one and long range one . Also , larger one that go on busy commute route each day to and from work . With them being automated everything would be faster and run more efficiently . ''
I see self driving car for personal transportation . There will be several size available depending on the number of passenger . There will be car for a single passenger and bus for large group . You will pay by mile a well a a monthly fee to access the service . Almost all delivery will be performed by drone . The postal service itself will begin to implement this delivery method on some route . There will be specific roadway built to accommodate these new vehicle and special lane , much like a carpool lane , that are available to only automated transport . Traffic , pollution and accident will decrease sharply and it will be difficult to even obtain a license for a private vehicle although not impossible . This will largely be in place at the turn of the next century but some will be in service sooner . ''
A bunch of self driving car that will replace bus and taxi . The will have free wifi and be very cheap .
Since I live in the country it would be an rail service that go through and above the tree to go to town . It would stop at certain place but would go through the pretty part of the country
I visualize a car ride sharing phone application in which people put in the destination that they want to go to and they can connect with people going that same direction for a ride .
My ideal transportation system would be google or self driving car replacing taxi or private service car . No more need for a driver . Cars would be better at avoiding crash better than people . The car would know the fastest route , be aware of current traffic condition . These car are already in the experimental phase and I ca n't wait until they go live . ''
I do n't anticipate the transportation system changing too much in my area no matter the time frame . I think the car will rule for the next several decade , but I would like the car to change . They need not be so huge , and would be powered by plug-in type electrical engine . Each home would have a solar array and this would power your home , and your car . A back-up natural gas power plant would help out if it 's cloudy for week . Cars would be there for longer trip , but I would also like to see normal bicycle travel increase in the small city I live in . People are fat , lazy , and gross . We do n't need anymore technology to go 100 yard , just le lazy people . ''
I think that one cool idea is to have personal transportation that allows you to connect with other people in your area so you can rideshare and also carpool or get a ride when needed . Instead of using like Craigslist to ask for rideshare or ask if people are willing to pick them up , you use an app . People can sign into this app and then say which direction they are going . Along the way you can request that person pick you up to get you from A to B ... kind of like hitchhiking through a mobile app . ''
In my area , we do n't have bus or sidewalk . You HAVE to drive a car , even though the area is big enough for a bus . I would love to have an eco-friendly bus route through the main part of town .



One thing that may be neat would be large sidewalk where people could ride bikes/scooters/walk and avoid using a vehicle . The main road is fairly busy , and there are quite a few shop around that would be more accessible if we had better transportation than just getting in a car ! ( Boardman , OH ) . Little scooter with solar power charging station would be neat . ''
An electromagnetic solar powered monorail . Its only a mean to replace a standard city beltway people would commute to parking lot and take the rail to the inner city where it would connect with the local subway and bus system for extentability .
A simple bicycle exchange and rental program that work on a library card system . Bicycles are locked up around the city , and there are station for returning bike in padlock . The whole system is operated by swiping a public library card . ''
Have old school bus converted into Eco friendly vehicle , then have them purchase by large local company and drive to neighborhood to pick up worker . ''
A community carpool .
a chute system with high travel .
A series of tube , like at the bank , but for people in little egg , with elevator music playing . ''
We could have bus that worked like uber . Instead of having specific spot , people could put in their location and where they want to end . Then the bus would know when and who to pick up along constantly changing and evolving route . ''
Self driving car that carry everyone around everywhere .
It 's a transportation system like what they have in Europe where there are streetcar that take you everywhere in the city and are easy to use and get on .
Walking tunnel that are elevated , so you are safer from traffic , and enclosed in plexiglas so it is weather-proof but also safe because people can see you . ''
A service where you can easily pick up a ride to ublic transportation . many people live in area where public transportation is just slighlty out of reach . this would allow people to get there in an easy an inexpensive manner .
Rentable Segways . You tie the segway or similar device up to a post or bike rack . Develop an app and use it . Make the tire out of hard rubber , and armor the body . Also , plenty of work for laywers , but crazier idea have been tried , like having relative stranger drive people around on Uber . ''
Monorail type cart that take you to high populated areas/
I would like to see mass transit used more effectively . Smaller , more energy efficient mean of getting people to hub , where they can get on larger transport . Think of it a level : you walk to the end of the road , take a small electric-motor tram to the end of the street , where you catch a large mono-rail into the city for work . ''
A new transportation method could be using self driving vehicle . During time when you are needing to pre drink before going to a bar to save money , you find yourself unable to drive to the said bar . With self driving vehicle , you can let the robot do the critical thinking for you to ensure your safe arrival to your friendly neighborhood bar . This would be fun and convenient . This would also reduce the amount of wreck on a friday and saturday night . ''
Free bike exchange drop off type situation with buy in . I 'd like to pay a small fee to get a key to buy into a bike exchange that would be availible outside a number of location spread thoughout the small city to use when i wish .
Moving sidewalk that are similar to conveyer belt
Another idea would placing electricity-generating device at intersection where car come to a stop for a red light that would recharge the battery of hybrid/electric car . This could be powered by solar panel attached to lighting pole along the road .
I imagine a taxi speed boat that could take you downtown in a matter of minute . It will help skip all the traffic on the street and cut your time in half . Perfect for people who live by body of water and are in a rush like NYC .
An affordable device that track chemical in your home aquarium
Personal one seater vehicle for work purpose .
I picture a brand new train system , going down the main street , with street car going leading up to the main street . I would love to see it being a high speed system , paying with your fingerprint . It would be similar to a credit card . ''
motorcycle/scooter picture best is transport most of the transport very important
wing to fly like a bird
A motorized scooter `` '' stop . '' '' Basically a few very popular area you can pick up a scooter from an agent . Credit is the only thing that 's acceptable , a they need to have something on file in case you ride off with the scooter . These location where you can both rent , and return scooter will only be in very popular area ( Such a the mall , a large amount of business building , and the like . ) Make it relatively affordable , and have people be able to write it off a an expense . ''
Marijuana `` '' dip '' '' pack like Snus or Snuff or Dip . ''
A monorail system that is above everyone . There would be rail car on it that go in a multitude of direction . People can still use the other form of transportation , but this form would be strictly for people looking to get around in the city . They would park their car before entering the city , and use this quick system for getting around . No more crowded , expensive parking in the city . ''
Uber Drone . They can come to you at any location , much like a helicopter , but can also deliver you where you need to go much quicker . ''
School Bus taxi . School bus rumble down our street every day , often not every seat is taken . If you knew the route , and had been vetted through security , you could pay a small fare to hop on and ride along the route , even connecting to other school bus . It would be an energy-efficient mode of transportation . Also , more adult on the bus would probably reduce bullying among the kid . ''
There would be a four inch tall metal rail running between the sidewalk and curb , up and down every street . There would be small cart powered with gravity battery that would run on the rail . This would help people stop relying on fossil fuel transportation ''
way to work , telecommuting ''
Provide financial incentive to ride share
Covered and underground or above ground lane for bike , pedestrian , and disabled that are always protected from inclement weather . ''
I would love to see an Uber type of program but for doctor appointment . Where the doctor 's office ha driver who are willing to pick up patient and drop them back off at home . Maybe like 1 person driving in a city and just bringing the patient to the doctor so that people wo n't have to drive to the doctor , especially older people . ''
There should be a train system in our county . It should have a magnetic railway so it can be a green a possible and use light power .
I would love to see Pittsburgh , PA use some of unused railroad for light rail service . Many of our existing route were cut , unfortuantely . ''
A service where you sit in a heated or air conditioned glass bubble and get towed around by an automated driver using drone technology .
A path for Segways .
We are planning to buy a battery car forthe transportation in our neighborhood . By using the battery car there will be no bad effect in our atmosphere and also it will not populated our environment .
I believe that there should be a police car that have the ability to take control over other vehicle . For instance , if a criminal is speeding down a highway , then there should be a way to highjack that car in order to ensure the safety for other citizen . ''
I imagine a kind of moving walkway in the sky . The moving walkway would be built on stilt above the ground . An individual can hop on the moving walkway and can walk to another part of the city , but at a faster rate than normal walking . This would encourage taking our own two foot a transportation . ''
Tubes . Interconnected web that you can get in at your front door , arrive at your destination all while sitting back and relaxing . ''
My idea consists of zip-lines connecting the building . People would be able to ride zip-lines to wherever they wanted .
Automated high-density , elongated car . ''
Magcars drive by magnet and controlled completely by computer along with a smart roadway to make traffic flow a efficient a possible being able to dynamically adapt to changing traffic level and flow pattern
Road way - Bicycle is one of the best transport . Pollution free and keep body fit .
having an on call drunk bus service
I think it would be cool if there were kisoks you could rent bicycle from . Maybe put a gps tracker inside of them so people did n't try to steal them , or give people back part of their deposit when they returned the bike to another kisok . ''
I imagine a loop in my city where anyone would be able to have a short walk to the 'main artery ' and be able to get anywhere at a major point within minute ; perhaps this would be a rail suspended above the city , or otherwise away from other major traffic ; it would really help in efficiency of moving people around . ''
A subway , because we do n't have those in Montana . LOL ''
A highway for pedestrian . A big moving walkway to popular location .
I think we need a greener alternative to the uber/lyft type of service . Perhaps an app that connects you to bike and rickshaw driver . Like an uber or lyft for rickshaw . I took a cycle rickshaw after a music festival this summer and it wa great . Took a while to get to the destination but it felt really cool to get a ride from a biker .
A transportation Idea I have is to have networked building walkway . Think of it like your average street crossing but instead of connecting street it connects neighboring building instead . There would be no access to private building but pedestrian would be able to walk enclosed walkway running through special area in the building to get to the next . I think this idea is very practical in heavy urban area and would be a refreshing change from the average commute .
I would like to see all self driving car , driving at top speed because human error and crash have been removed from the equation . So everyone can get to their destination five , maybe ten time a fast , without a significant infrastructure overhaul . ''
all the transport is very very important to our life .
Zip line . It may be a one way form of transportation , but it would work well for this hilly area , and it would also be fun . However , somebody would have to take care of the liability aspect . ''
I 'd use apps and social medium so I know the time of all transport . If it 's late , I do n't want to hang out too long . An app would pick up my location and show the time of the bus or street car . I could set it to warn me too . ''
Monorail through the city ! Just like Disneyland , this city-wide system allows you to see the city from a bird 's eye ! Simply get on at one of the many station around town and enjoy your ride without stop , traffic or bad weather . The rail above the city mean growth can continue without getting in the way of transport , and mean you can watch the world below ! ''
A smart car rental system where people pay per use or per hour .
A fleet of automated car that have pre-programmed destination in them . You use your credit or debit card to pay . Swipe it and then pick your destination and it take you there , charging you based on how far away it is and not based on time so it 's better than a cab , and also us the new robotic car . ''
a solar powered train that gain energy from the sun from the solar panel on the top of the train . it would run from sun up to sun down , to make sure it always ha a charge . it would be sort of like a troll , but go a fast a a train . ''
Human Tubes where people slide through interconnected tube throughout the city in order to bypass traffic .
This is probably only suitable for thrillseekers , but I 'd like to see some kind of zipline ( with safety harness ) from one tall structure to another . It might discourage thing like base jumping , and it would be an extremely quick method of getting from one office to another . ''
You know those rolling bar looking thing that are at assembly line and factory ? The one that help usher along package and larger thing typically ? The street would be like a lot of roll-y bar , and people would simply ride along those , and would activate detour switch built into the roll-y bar to send them on turn when they so desired . ''
People not owning private vehicle , but could summon a vehicle for use though a computer or smartphone to their location . The vehicle would take them where they need to go . All of the vehicle would be electrical and green friendly . The vehicle might take you to another form of transportation if the software determined that a train would be more appropriate . ''
A small personal car that ran on solar energy that wa no larger than a bike . It could be stored on a bike rack and had enough energy to go 15 mile on a charge . Charging time would only be an hour if and when it needed to plug into electric . The biggest thing is that it would keep the occupant dry .
maybe to save money , for ride throughout the neighborhood , it could just be a horse and carriage . someone could donate a few horse , and a few carriage , and everything would be for free ''
it is important to our life . when ever we go bus , train , car or scooter is important . ''
Motorcycle/ Scooter IS VERY USEING IN THE CITY
There should be human powered roller coaster , where human must provide energy to get it working . ''
My idea is to use special parking lot for energy efficient vehicle in order to give incentive to the use of cleaner energy . These parking lot could be in the more crowded city area and you 'd need a special pas or something after having your vehicle cleared .
It would be an app that allows people to call in helicopter to their location . It would let them call a helicopter to where they live and be transported from there .
we need dedicated motorcycle street , preferably underground , i live in a very populated city ( not LA status but still very urban ) and ive often thought that a small underground road system built primarily for two wheeled street vehicle would not only cut down on traffic but the pollotuion created could them be trapped and prevented from being released into the atmosphere ... it would cause motorcycle sale to skyrocket and there by provide another added economic benefit . ''
A high speed monorail system that wind it way through all the important point of interest in the city . It would look futuristic and high tech with a sophisticated level of design along with being reliable .
Kind of like an escalator that go through town , but instead standing , you sit in a chair . ''
Hire young , strong people to peddle multi-passenger bicycle ''
Electric bicycle that work only within a specified area . Like shopping cart that lock wheel when taken too far away from the store , these bike would lock up when taken outside the area . Anyone can use these bike within this area . ''
Bike Stations



This new transportation system in my city would see bike kiosk placed around the city . The city would manage these kiosk and charge a small rental fee for use of the bike . The bike can be returned to any kiosk in the city . The city would have to dedicate bike lane on all it major street so that the bikers could ride on the street with no fear of being hit by other vehicle . This would cut down on pollution and make the city a leader in going green and using an optional from of transportation in the city . ''
I imagine a railway system that go through my town and all around the united state . It would be a bullet train like they have in europe that hovers and go fast . It would be affordable too .
Scooter sharing , where they are parked in small area and like the shared car . Except scooter for single people . ''
A conveyor belt system like the airport set up like the nyc train would be awesome . A bit slow going , but cheap , affordable , and it would allow people to be out in the fresh air again . ''
Disperse grocery store closer to neighborhood , to avoid long trip to buy milk ''
While public transport system are very environmentally friendly and can operate very well , new and novel personal vehicle can also encourage exercise . The bicycle that are shaped like car and can seat 2-4 people are very fun , environmentally friendly , and get you from a to b . They are also brilliant for family outing . ''
First off , that 's a really choppy question .



There could be a network of ride sharing . Sort of like if Uber wa a bus . People would have a regular route and others would request a ride to a central location . It would be mostly people commuting to work together . This would be done through phone apps . ''
My transportation idea would be using technology to make car sharing more accessible . Such a a phone application . It would be cheaper than using lyft or uber .
I think a monorail system or cable car like you see on ski lift would be quite useful . moving walkway enclosed in a plastic tunnel to protect from element that would have heat or a/c depending on the season would be really cool a well .
Man-Hole Transportation : Replicating current sewage/water underground tunnel to port people easily . People can stand on the man-hole and will be pulled down and then ported by the tunnel .
I would like to have a light rail ( raised , like a monorail ! ) come around the edge of my community ( say like the Hwy 10 minute from my house ) . That would be great ! It could go to the big shopping mall in Cherry Hill and into Philly even . ( I 'm in Southern NJ , can you tell ? ) ''
a new vehicle given to everyone that work in the city , and the vehicle is super small and run on battery . ''
I always thought they should incorporate moving sidewalk into the city . Just like the airport . This would allow people to scoot around faster without putting more people on the road .
A plane that also work on the ocean .

Can be dual functioning ! ''
My idea is having double decker bus to accommodate more people in public transportation .
When I imagine future transportation in my neighborhood I visualize the vehicle of today with more advanced technology . I image that the vehicle will be able to drive themselves and all that is needed is for a person to input their destination and sit back . I think that the interior of the vehicle will be the biggest change because these vehicle will allow people to sit back and relax . I think that the interior will be comfortable seat and have TVs to pas the time . Overall I imagine future transportation being someone similar to today but with le demand on people .
Underground tunnel to get from place to place .
People with money will have personal drone that are an encapsulated metal tube with glass door and window . The user simply program their destination into the computer and the drone will deliver them there with non-collision software . There will be various `` '' drone zone '' '' throughout the city where people can take off and land . ''
Catapults with mattress spread everywhere . You get thrown from a catapult and sent flying into a mattress or something that would soften the blow .
How about a rent-a-Segway system ? Kind of like Zipcars or the bicycle rental in big city - you could pick up a Segway at a docking station in one part of town and then drop it off at one in another part of town . You would probably need some sort of point of sale system for a deposit on the Segway , but otherwise the city could price it however they wanted . ''
Rental electrical bike station near the bus stop . You can check out a bike like you were at a library .
Single man Choppers to be used with solar energy . Short distance travel preferred by using this mode
Luxury bus , nicer bus for people who do n't want to own a car but want nicer transportation than what you get from a public bus experience ''
A imagine a system like über but with driverless technology . And I imagine people renting on car for a group of people to commute .
From small town to big city , public transportation is helping to generate new vitality like never

before . Beautiful , walkable town square combine residential , retail , office , recreation and public

transportation feature to make community living easy . New bus service and light rail extension

improve mobility and ease congestion . Even the smallest adjustment , like widening sidewalk and

adding bikeways , can provide dramatic impact and value . ''
Transportation which have mini canteen in it for long travel passenger .
A teleportation device or two portal . One would step into this portal and will instantly be on the other side or destination . The portal will be energy efficient and free to use .
I would like some sort of conveyor belt system or moving walkway ( possibly with seat ) in my city . It seems like it would be really nice for people , since people walk a lot here . Also , if there wa a way to sit while moving , people could get work done and other thing , while taking a 'slow ride ' down the street ( slower than a train , etc , so people can get on/ off while it 's moving ) . ''
The current highway infa structure in this country is outdated and in disrepair . We should reinvest in our bridge and highway and retrofit them with sensor to aid in the development of autonomous vehicle . Thus reducing gridlock , emission , accident , and travel time . ''
My idea is to make biking more efficient and safer in San Francisco . Just like there are raised freeway for car , I propose having raised highway for bicycle . They would span the main neighborhood downtown and into popular outer neighborhood . Being raised and bicycle-only , they could be more direct and fast route than bike that try to ride through car traffic . ''
I imagine a trolley going around the block . Going slowly to encourage people to get on . It can become a great place for teenager aswell a other people to ride around in it and such . The track can be made out of solar panel and whenever there is darkness , such a a child fall on too the track . Then the trolley will stop . Safe and convienient . ''
Using driver-less vehicle a a taxi service around town by allowing resident to reserve a ride at any time by using the town 's website .
I believe mobile sidewalk are a good idea . They could be on a conveyor system similar to escalator but on a flat plane and a bigger scale .
Due to the amount of traffic around Tampa and surrounding town , there is much congestion during rush hour . To help alleviate some of this , I suggest uni-directional bridge to be built that reduce traffic during rush hour . In the morning , the bridge would allow traffic going west towards the base . In the evening , traffic would flow to the east . ''
Free parking for self driving car . Each family could use one car that would drive them around and then go to a designated spot nearby to wait . In it 's downtime , it could even act a cab for other people so family could make more money . ''
I think my neighborhood and the surrounding city could use some sort of collection of energy efficient tram that can network passenger along the old railway that are no longer in use .
App integrated public & private transport , using location service in smartphones to sync to train , bus , taxi , Ubers Zipcars etc to streamline travel . Using a global integrated app to pay for any type of transport service ''
A network of publicly available electric car will drive around the city in the most efficient manner possible . People will use apps to call a car to get them =from one of many pickup spot and drop them off before they go on the next passenger .
It will be a flying train that doe not take space on the ground instead it fly fast above the ground to allow more space underneath
A bike rental service that lest customer rent bike for reasonable rate daily or weekly , with pick up and return spot very conveniently located around the city ''
Vehicles that circle around a block , which allow for passenger to jump right on . Not necessarily a bus . ''
Bike pathway bridge above the city . These pathway could connect school and business and making them convenient would encourage more people to ride and le driving .
I would do a short of high speed shuttle system . It would also be energy efficient running on battery power that are charged at night . There would set certain spot like a bus spot but you would be able to get where you were going faster than a car , also cheaper and cleaner . ''
I live in a small village , but I would love to see some type of system that allows resident to use moped or motorized scooter . There would be several hub around town where a large collection of scooter are housed . A resident walk up to it and us a special pas card to unlock it . They can then drive it to their destination . It would be the job of several people to make sure there is an even distribution of scooter at key hub . Basically , one would drive a scooter to their destination , and leave it there at a drop off station . Another person could then take the same scooter to another destination . All use can be traced back to a user , because of the pas card . ''
There could be some kind of light rail system for the people . It would make stop at mall , university , grocery store , and various event center . ''
Group carpools to work . There could be an app that put you in contact with people who work at the same company you work at or in close proximity to your work location . The app would allow driver to sign up to drive to work and with a rotating schedule this would cut down the amount of driving that any one single person would have to do .
Compressed air wheelie shoe that would assist up hill travel
The cat bus is a new public transportation system where rider get to interact with 2 or more cat ! The cat will be in cage , but they will be larger cage so they have room to roam . There will also be an enclosed cage where the cat who are too excited from the social stimulation can be alone . ''
Light rail around the city .
Many time there are small thing I need to take to other people in the community but I do n't have time to make all the delivery . I would envision constructing small robot that could deliver smaller item to specific address or coordinate and the recipient could pick up the package there and then return the robot to me by pressing a button .
A private luxury shuttle system , sort of like an upscale bus/uber carpool . It will pick you up and bring you to any destination . Payment is based on mile traveled and time of day . It ha comfortable seat and free wifi . ''
The man used his old , used car for transportation every day to drive to work and back to his house . ''
I think that there could be a light rail system or electric bus . there is enough sunlight to make them 100 % clean
A tram system that is operated by a robot where you can stop a you please and not at station
I lived in Japan and really enjoyed their system of underground rail . I think most city in the United States could benefit from such a system , which ha the added benefit of cutting down on DUIs . There is no rail system in my town . ''
I would like it if the area I lived in used a bike sharing system like I have seen in some other major city like Portland and Minneapolis .
A new carpool system . You get together with a group of people at a park and ride . Park your car there and commute in a van with a group of people to work . This save gas and some of you can nap while the other is driving .
Since rail is very expensive , I 'd like to see more express bus route , hopefully with their own lane to keep them flowing faster than traffic and give an incentive to use them . Make the bus a comfortable a possible , again a an incentive for use . ''
A skateboard tram that run on a track through the neighborhood to the local bus stop
Atlanta could have a much , much wider public transportation system . The subway would go to many different neighborhood , extending in different direction instead of being a simple cross . More money and attention would be given to public transportation , extending bus and trolley service while halting the neverending expansion of parking and road . Much more attention will be given to cyclist and pedestrian safety , with enforced ticketing for driver that ignore traffic law along with more bike lane and pedestrian crossing . ''
Ride scooter to a local bus stop that . Houses scooter on the bus , up to 10 mile from house , to work in the inner city , ( 25 mile from bus stop ) it would save gas and pollution , instead of 25 people driving take a bus . Scooters get better Mpg and it 's safer to stay on a bus on a highway than a scooter . ''
It would be amazing if we had a subway in my city . It would go to good use and people would use car le . Everyone drive around here because the bus system is lacking and public transport is difficult . We would benefit from a subway system .
This is the best way to move around
A rail system which us the median on interstate for the track . That way no space need to be cleared for infrastructure . Entrance and exit would need to be to overpass the interstate travel under .
A pick up service that allows you to rack up point for free future pick ups
Have a beer machine . You pay for a beer but the person before you pick the one you get . Then you get to choose the one the next person get . It 'll be in a bar or something so that people will be adequately drunk . It will be an easy subject matter for two people to talk about .
A golf cart-like train that circle the small town I live in on a regular basis .
I live in a snowy climate , so there are a lot of time that we ca n't drive our car anywhere because of all the snow . So a snowmobile taxi might work . ''
Self driving rental truck . They come to you instead of having to drive it all the way across town to where you live . You load then unload your stuff then it drive itself back to the rental place .
I would like to see an expanded light rail system with more of a neighborhood connection . Right now our light rail pretty much just connects the Downtown core with the airport .
The transportation system would be like the sidewalk that move in the airport , you would just stand on the sidewalk and it would move you where you need to go . ''
A new taxi service that us moped rather than car . It 's something used quite frequently in other country ( such a Brazil ) . You would be able to call for assistance or simply stop them off the side of the road ( just like a taxi , obviously ) . ''
Automated segway , for getting to local spot without having to do anything , ie get to the bar and back ''
I think a form of public transportation could be an electric type of subway that run on a non intrusive track layed into the pavment much like a train track . It could be shaped like a normal subway but on the roof space there would be solar panel to generate electricity needed to run . Any remaining power needed could be provided by the track .
Rent a scooter in the summer . These would be like the automatic bike rental station in many city , only you 'd rent rechargable electric scooter . Station would charge them ''
Drones . It seems these are getting bigger all the time , so why not make them large enough to ride on . ''
Renewable energy vehicle such a an electrical bus or trolley . An Uber like service that us low emission vehicle or electrical one .
A jitney that make local stop within a few mile of a small town . My town would be perfect a an example . Most errand can be run in a 10 mile radius . This includes , post office , shopping center , DMV , library , etc . there could be a call in to meet at nearest cross stop . We have 2 main road that run through town so this would be very easy to implement . ''
An alternate transportation system in my neighborhood would be a free transportation system that can take you anywhere that you like . Paying for transportation is not easy since everybody carry debit or credit card nowadays . Hardly anybody ha change or cash on them . Free transportation would be great , and it should be something other than a bus . It should just be a regular vehicle a well with a friendly driver to take you somewhere . ''
Drone-based transport . You harness yourself to a drone capable of lifting your weight and off you go .
A super quick train that would be lightning fast
A system where there are rail above you and nothing underneath you .

You sit in a cart of sort and you are guided along near the street , maybe above the street or sidewalk .

The railing connect overhead and end at each sidewalk and give you a nice view of the neighborhood , kind of like a ski-lift . ''
Transporttaion which contains automatic opening and closing door .
Our small city is fairly bike/walker friendly , but I think a bike rental kiosk or a bike trading program would be so helpful . I do n't own a bike , but I 'd like for it to be easier and quicker to get around without driving . ''
A new transportation system for my neighborhood would be a uber-like bus service . Buses have specific route , and can stop at any point on that route if you use the service . That way you can have one pick you up close to your house instead of having to drop your car off at a bus station . ''
I live in a town right on the ocean and there are many canal here . I think a canoe taxi service would be really convenient and fun . It would n't get people to their desired location super fast but it would allow people to travel leisurely and enjoy the scenery along the way . It would also be really healthy for the people driving the canoe and help them to stay fit .
bullet train running straight up and down the west coast would be super popular .
Recycling energy for use
a vehicle that go around the neighborhood and offer free homework help for kid .
More bike lane , or a sky tram to get around , traffic around here is weird . ''
A car sharing system to help with the last leg or mile of transportation from the bus or rail or subway . A system where you have a share or part ownership in a fleet of car .
ROAD TRANSPORT - CAR IS THE BEST TRANSPORT SYSTEM TO TRAVEL ( WE ARE FREE FROM POLLUTION AND ACCIDENTS )
Underground direct tube that connect city/town major hub with one directional transport .
A network on on-demand vehicle that are linked and matched with the city 's mass transit system . The user would input a destination and be offered pickup option based upon the current location of the network 's asset .
A way to have not car on the street but have a series of pullies that connect the house so we can all move around with our kid .
I think if we had automatic car that you could order from your smart phone when you wanted it .
a fleet of electric bike that get people around the city for a dollar a ride
A more thorough bus system with bus running more frequently and covering a wider area . Other mode would not be feasible for this area .



An Uber-type crowd-sourced system for carpooling . ''
Gyroscopic personal vehicle . These device would generate a magnetic field in opposition with the earth 's magnetic field , creating levitation and allowing for free and easy transportation . ''
I propose a motorcyle service that go and fetch small item on demand ( diaper , over the counter medicine , dinner supply ) . I think this would be very useful for senior citizen and family with young child or single people who dont feel well . ''
very small airport that can be used for short destination and work a a taxi service for work .
Electric bike can be charged wirelessly using inductive charging `` '' station '' '' on the road . This would help with the longevity of the electrical charge and reduce carbon emission from fuel-powered car . ''
These are different method of wheeled transportation mode .
My idea is a set of loaner bike that are placed all around small city . Every bike rack in town would have at least one bike at the start of the day . If you need a bike , you take it and drop it off at the nearest bike rack to your location . Everyone would always have a bike and not have to worry about returning it . It would work like a rental car that go one way but you do n't have to pay for it . ''
My idea is a heater in a home that is powered by running your other appliance . During the winter , when you turn on a light , run the dishwasher or dryer , it would charge up the heater . ''
There wa an idea to get a high speed rail in my town . It never happened but it would have been cool . It would have taken half an hour to get to a town 2 hour way . It would have been innovative ! But the government shut down the idea . For what reason ? Who know .
A rental system for electric scooter and regular bicycle where you can drop it off at any local dropoff venue ( bar , store , etc ) . Pay by hour . An app with a map that show all option , and also ha ride-sharing help . ''
Self driving bicycle powered by solar power !
A series of bike only transit lane with stop light for them at major road .
I would go with a moped service . There would just be moped position around town and you have to drop it off at your stop to check out .
Companies should use some of their advertising budget to provide ride to certain place . This would double a advertising for that company , so they would not lose out on money and we could get unique transportation for several untapped route , especially if it is discovered that a lot of people are traveling outside of their usual living area , like for a special event . The company could create specialized bus so that several people can ride , and can put their logo on the outside of the bus and could name the transportation something catchy using the company name so that word-of-mouth provides extra advertising . ''
Pedicabs with dedicated lane .
I think that a cool new transportation system would be a bike that we all pedal . It would be a long bike , maybe 5-8 seat long on each side . It would start with one rider who will then ride to other people 's house to pick others up . They would get on the bike and start peddling to pick the next person up . ''
build so many subway for two wheeler travelling
Inexpensive chopper so everyone can fly .
I would like transportation will be very technical in the sense that people will be floating using a specific skateboard look a like car . wherein people could just go anywhere , any direction . no traffic or what not . ''
I would love a rail system to be installed in our city going north/south along the coast .
There need to be a new system that pick you up at your place . A bus system that you can call to pick you up and the closest one will come . Kind of like a taxi but a bus so it can carry a lot more people .
I would love to see the use of self propelled equipment like hover board and such used to help decrease emission from car . Highways and road could be established just for such travelors . and we would also save money on gas
Something like a chair lift system except that it is very fast and reliable . It would be located in the most frequented hub in the city and each chair would be a single seat so there is no worry about people being isolated in `` '' pod '' '' with stranger which could be dangerous . ''
Make commute to work easy . Save the environment . Use your private transport to reach public transport .
Shared taxi are what we need . They are actually a really useful idea ! These already exist in place like Thailand ( songthaews ) , but we need them in my town . This way , not everyone feel like they need a car to get around town . Given that traffic is always a mess , we can assume there will be a cheap shared ride going in everyone 's intended direction sometime soon . You just flag one down , tell the driver where you 're going , and if it 's in the same general direction a the other passenger , you get in and go with them . I think this make more sense than having a mess of private cab or Uber driver going back and forth across town to take one person each time . If a city ca n't build a decent bus and tram network , it should invest in shared taxi . ''
Hyperloop system that connects various California city through ultra-fast tunnel
ROAD TRANSPORT - BICYCLE IS ONE OF THE BEST TRANSPORT . IN EARLIER DAYS PEOPLE USED CYCLE TO MOVE FROM ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER . NOW-A-DAYS CYCLING HAS COME TO FITNESS CENTER TO MAKE BODY TRIM . USING CYCLE WE MAKE OUR BODY TRIM , NO POLLUTION AND NO FUEL COST . ''
Any type of hoover mode of transportation allowing driver to avoid accident and hoover past slow moving traffic .
A smart road grid that would integrate with electronic on each vehicle and be able to route traffic flow for the best efficiantly give traffic pattern at a given moment
Future transportation is the Shower transporter . You get ready for where you want to go and then simply hop in the shower and press a button to be teleported to your pre-progammed destination . E.g . you will have regular place like your work and supermarket already programmed in with address . The shower will pop out through your roof and drop you off at your destination by taking the sky-way and then return home . Just remember to take your shower calling watch with you to buzz your shower teleport back when you want to return home . No more traffic no more waiting no more parking just flying shower : )
In the future we 'll have train and bus still , but they 'll be much more extensive . It 's impossible to do much more in a space a congested a New York City . ''
A way to reduce congestion would be to have more water bus . It can work like uber or just a regular bus . There could be many port or just a few to cut long ride time .
Personalized drones/quadrocopters . We are beginning to see drone for small package delivery . Only a matter of time before battery have enough power and are light enough to lift a human and it 's own weight . I could see them being about 3'x3 ' with a small seat . Landing foot on shock absorber . You would still use the rule of the road , and fly 15 foot above the current road structure . ''
We have no light rail
Open a government-funded shop that let people buy bike at a discount . This way more people will have an incentive to ride bike instead of driving around .
instead of sidewalk they could have people mover
Monorails really can be implemented between high occupancy areas.. There can be direct route to place such a grocery store or department store that people frequent a lot . This will also boost business and sale if people can access these place quicker .
Biking Paths - in my city there are hardly any bicycle path that can take you from east to west . Biking path would be ideal because they do n't require energy from oil/gasoline . Not very innovative , but I think this transportation system would benefit my community the most . I would love to bike to and from work , but right now the only way to get to work is on major road which do not have biking lane , and would be unsafe to ride on . ''
Moving bench that is connected to track to help older people travel short distance within their neighborhood .
I would like to see a high speed train connect all the major city in my state a well a the major city bordering our state . I envision this high speed train to have minimal station . This would eliminate the need for air travel and long road trip .
I would like a connected light rail system in my city that would sprawl from downtown to the metro suburb . It would bring more people in and out of the city for business and commerce .
A tram in each Mohalla ( Locality ) that go to a central place called Zero point and from there a common bus take all the passenger that arrives in tram to the market .
A people mover like in the airport , but in place of regular city sidewalk instead . ''
we introduce highly integrated solar plant .
A smart electric trolley hybrid system that is integrated with the current roadway network . The electric power for the network is generated by turbine in the city water supply .
Firefighters are using jet-packs in Dubai to combat fire in skyscraper . I propose we use jet-packs for personal transport . It 's hard enough to travel in big city like Miami with all the traffic . Having your own jet pack allows you to literally fly away from a stressful situation such a sitting in traffic or waiting for public transportation . It will save time and is fun . This futuristic technology is here and it work .
Might a well offer mass transit that also includes dining service in the bus , in addition to completely free wifi . Could also offer service to wash car at the pick up site , so that when you get to your car in the evening it 's already clean ''
Maybe a neighborhood car service where people pitch in a certain amount per month , and then they can order a car to drive them anywhere in the neighborhood that they need to go to ''
Use of a sky tram . It run over the road so that it doe n't increase traffic .
Rentable/borrowable bicycle kiosk
There should be tesla based uber .
extremely light rail . People hop into 1 person rail car that take up le room than a bike lane . There would be no waiting at the rail station because it leaf a soon a you get in .
IT SHOULD BE BICYCLE . BECAUSE IT DOESNOT CREATE POLLUTION AND OUR CHOLESTROL LEVEL TO BE NORMAL .
Have a monorail system around town . It 'll reduce pollution because people will have fun using it instead of driving their car .
A bus that is programed to do the fastest route possible for what people need . There is a station where they push their destination , and a program figurs out who need to go where and the best way to do it . Reduces wait time and make more people want to use it . ''
I live in a very rural area that doe n't get bus service because of low population . My idea would be a bus service that run on the same premise a a taxi service ... when someone in the area would need a ride , the bus would alter it route to pick up a passenger . That way , the remote area could be serviced by mass transit , yet would n't have to waste fuel or money driving to the remote area all of the time . These request could be put in via phone , web portal , or e-mail . ''
I would like to see a system that would be quicker for pickup and drop offs . This would mean vehicle similar to bus but smaller and more efficient .
electric vehicle are rented out for short period of time and are readily available . noone owns a personal vehicle . this lead to great reuse .
A board that can actually hover above the ground , perhaps I 'm thinking of a jet pack . But it would be something that would allow the rider to maneuver around slightly above the ground . ''
There is no subway system here
Snowmobile taxi service kind of like uber . We 're supposed to get a foot of snow in a week and I really do n't want to have to deal with driving in it , worrying about getting stuck . We should have a fleet of snowmobile driver to help get people to and from work . Cut down on accident and stress . ''
Social medium organized transport , where person going somewhere lay out their destination and other people can see their route and request a pickup . ''
Automatic in the Technologies transport for signal
Mobile app that can change bus schedule based on need of rider . Heavy traffic from north to south and bus are n't coming fast enough , reroute from the east . ''
best auto with solar energy a source
Need some local innovative bullet train in our neighbourhood
Short term personal car loan . People who have an extra car could loan them to people who do n't generally have a car , or for those who have a car in the shop . Customers would pay a day rate to borrow the car and agree to pay for any damage unto the car . ''
Uber for helicopter .
A trolley would be fantastic . Quiet , reliable , and rustic . ''
For transportation in my neighborhood we have car , and bus . The most popular mode of transportation being the four door family sedan type car . Following that it 's the minivan and then the four-door truck . They can be seen whizzing back and forth on the road causing many traffic jam during peak morning hour . ''
point to point lift system , like ski lift . small town with lot of lake and sunshine ''
We must have more fuel saving transport so that we can use le fuel and more milage
To reduce gridlock and rush hour traffic government should offer tax incentive for employer offering a staggered work day . I.e . Employees scheduled to be gin work at different time rather than the 7-10 o'clock morning hour .
A train would be useful in my city . It would be most useful to travel out to other nearby city . Traffic is extremely bad on the interstate where I live , and a train would be incredibly useful for traveling to the popular city surrounding my city . ''
future transportation system in my neighborhood is very important our life .
electronic billboard that tell which route to take that currently have le traffic
I propose a truly revolutionary idea . Personal sky path . It is about time we had highway in the sky to combat our now crowded roadway . Added safety measure would be put in place like mandatory parachute for civilian travel .
Electric camper style van . This would be completely powered by electricity and allow people to live in their vehicle . This would allow the electric system in the car to work synonymous with the electric system in the camper .
A horse drawn carriage service that you can request to come pick you up at your home . This would be for enjoying a beautiful day out on the road while getting to your destination . This would be for people in no rush but people who also want to enjoy the scenery a they go .
electricity is the great discover
There ha been a lot of talk around the country in the last several year about bullet train . I would like to see a dedicated train that funnel people downtown for work , no stop . ''
I think we could have carpool van that schedule drop offs for u in the city which could save gas and promote a green clean transportation system . Also , we could take turn a driver , with GPS equipped and a convertible top for sunny day . ''
An above-ground train system . We scrapped a trolley system , and some area ca n't support a subway . Above-ground might be useful for u . ''
Create a very strong drone that ha bench seat for people . It 'll be like a flying bus , able to get people to their destination faster than a traditional road bus . ''
Flying Car
A light rail from city center to neighboring suburb that would replace thousand of commuter and make rush hour le crowded and stressful . This could be a simple a one station in each suburb ( thus 10-15 total station ) , or a more complex system with multiple station in each suburb . ''
I think a good idea will be to use electric cycle instead of a bike or a car in metro . They not only help in decreasing pollution a well a motivating people towards physical exercise .



A proper network of e cycle and connected to a main frame can be seen a a new transportation system emerging . Moreover this can also be used a a public transportation system by constructing cycle stand where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine . ''
I would like to see a short-term car rental service with semi-autonomous driving . For example , if I needed to go to the airport and did n't want to leave my current car in a parking lot their I could rent a car that I could summon with a smartphone app . The car would be able autonomously drive directly to me or a location I choose through the app . After I wa at the location of my choosing and no longer needed the car , I could then use the app to send the car away . ''
Free car service to parent with kid in school . Too cold to walk in the frigid weather .
This idea us jetpacks , yes jetpacks ! These would be some of the first practical jetpacks and be used to get around town for shorter distance of about 30 minute away with high powered fan for safety reason . ''
drone
Make public transportation fare partially/fully state or local tax credit or deductible
monorail loop from college to mall to hospital to rail line
I would like to have small tram throughout the county , making it more convenient for people to travel from city to city without stopping ''
Long electric sidewalk with chair installed on them
We have lot of bus that are never full . Phase them out in favor of smaller vehicle that are electric or hybrid .
A high speed conveyor belt that travel through people ' house that can take people to city center .
A rail system that go from the outlying suburb to the big city .
The transportation system in my neighborhood consists of each person driving their own car . Occasionally , people will carpool , but there is no public transportation and walking is not feasable . ''
Why not build a gondola series with multiple station in various area of town
Trolleys and Trains in metropolitan area should all be under a subway .
Hoverboards that really move along and can occupy the bike lane in some major city would help unclog pedestrian side walk . Lnaes for Elf car and Fred Flintstone type vehicle . More company should be like Google and provide transportation for their employee . Hoover boat that glide across bay 10 time faster that farries plowing throw the water .
In my city , it is almost impossible to not having a car since the public transportation is not that good . However , car ownership can be quite expensive . Car sharing could reduce the cost of having a car , we can build a system that anyone can use a `` '' public '' '' car that can be shared after paying a certain fixed cost up-front and hourly/daily rate afterward . ''
monorail ... if it work for disney world , it can work anywhere . ''
the best transportation where i live is a personal car . it is the fastest and most convenient for the type of city i live in .
A light rail that go around town quickly and efficiently with route that will help the people who use it most .
RAID-N , where you can put together multiple drive of different size to reach the optimal size vs. redundancy mix automatically , just by plugging in an additional drive ( whether it be USB , SATA , etc ) . ''
I would like to see a system of electric cycle in use . This would entail magnetic railway and charge station . Two advantage would be charging cost at the charging station and le pollution by using electric .
We should be giving people a tax deduction for doing more walking and/or bike riding to reduce transportation in vehicle . This applies to my city because everything is so close !
A taxi system that allows discount for occasion when there are more than one person in the ride
I live on an army base . There are hundred of vehicle that just sit around and collect rust , and it would be wonderful if the military could find some way to rent these vehicle out to the public . This would create income for individual unit and help add to their budget , a well a providing vehicle to civilian who need them and even potentially drawing in interested person who would otherwise never have driven a military vehicle . ''
A chair lift system to get from point a to point b , with multiple stop along the way if you need it . ''
Three wheel motorbike that are connected via a mesh network . They are actually taxi for people who hate car and prefer more mode of transportation . They serve the local community . They use augmented reality display . Passengers log in and request ride using augmented reality device .
I think a van that pick people up when the driver know that person need a ride because it is dark or they do n't have a vehicle would be nice . The van would be wide enough to hold at least twenty people . It would be low maintenance . It would get good gas mileage . It would be comfortable .
Roller coaster to get from one critical area to another critical area .
I would think a fleet of hovercraft would be amazing . They wouldnt damage road like car and would allow people to get around with a minimum usage of energy .
I live in the city , so I personally would like to see a more wide variety of taxi service and cab around , than so many bus . I understand they are a good thing , for they can transport many people at once , but they also very slow and hold up others in traffic . ''
My Idea would be to make the alleyway in my city a lot more bike friendly . Honestly they are very rarely ever used by the city or homeowner so to make them this way would be beneficial for so many others . This would I believe encourage more people to use bicycle since I know I am terrified when riding my bicycle next to extremely lage and fast moving automobile traffic on my city road and highway .
A bus system similar to a paternoster , but horizontal instead of vertical . This would be a system of interconnected car with seat that would follow along a set track in a loop , and always be running , so people would just walk on and walk off the system when they reached their stop - no stopping and starting . ''
Get scientist to develop teleportation technology so eventually people can use personal teleporters to go wherever they want .
Automated bus line that run to every street in America . Something similar to a trolley system , without the rail . ''
Electric skate line that is powered throughout the whole city .
I think that an interesting mode of transport in my mountain town would be a ski lift type system that run behind the business on main street and stop at every corner . The reason for this is our huge lack of parking and the congestion that car cause in the shopping district . It would be unusual and fun and it could connect to the large parking area at the convention center .
vehicle that life themselves to allow `` '' stacking '' '' of car , this would reduce traffic by half . ''
Scooters or bike for rent put in area that are too far to walk but for people who ca n't afford a car , uber , or taxi . You could rent them for a day and return them to the area that evening or keep them for another day 's charge like a Redbox sort of system . ''
I live in NYC . Travel is not too difficult , with the only real concern being the price of a subway ticket or a taxi ride . With more option , they become cheaper , but space is also an issue . I believe that since the road and the underground are already full , the only real option is to expand transportation above ground , such a on rail between building . This would create tier of road to be used by train , that would speed up and cheapen the overall problem . ''
We ought to revisit the trolley system because the bus in New York City are plagued by heavy traffic . We should have electric trolley on main thoroughfare . It worked in the old day . Sometimes old idea mixed with new technology is GENIUS !
Small train track . A small train that work on track set in your neighborhood .
network and internet is biggest world wide technology
Instead of traveling people can log on to fully functional robot around the city . When they are done they log off so someone else can use them . They would be able to function just like a human body .
With the lack of public transportation in my area and the small amount of people that would actually use it , I think an easy solution would be to simply use small , gas efficient car a public transportation . A few small car or hybrid that could fit 2-4 people would allow the city to have a public transportation system but would also keep it small and at a lower cost to maintain . There could still be a fee to use this and it would help to not only cover the expense to run but with the higher fuel efficiency it would be easier to turn a profit . It 's almost like a city owned taxi service . ''
Scooter New technology in excercise
Having car that drive themselves come and pick you up and take you where you need to go
Take the train to it nearest destination to your destination . Get off the train , and rent a bike or scooter to take you to your exact location . Drop off the bike there , and it 's waiting for you for your return trip to the train . Monthly pass cover all type of transportation and card are used for bus , train , bike and scooter use . ''
My city would benefit from an elevated and enclosed train line . Regional rail is the preferred choice for many commuter but is unreliable and frustrating due to weather and traffic related delay . Though the infrastructure investment would be great , we are in need of an overhaul anyway and should improve the current system . ''
We want to use battery car in our neighborhood because it is ha no smoke and also it will not affect the environment and will make u safe .
A person 's place of employment , such a a hospital could conceivably shuttle employee from home to work via a small bus . The city or county could be divided into quadrant to further facilitate timely pickup . This would definitely free up traffic if the workplace had 9000+ employee . ''
more side road for le congestion on main road
Drones . They are on the cutting edge of technology . Amazon is going to implement them . I think sending drone to go pick up your dry cleaning or your grocery would be very attractive to a great number of people . It will be the future of transportation of good . You can pilot your own drone , or you can have a drone for each store . You rent one from the dry cleaner , the grocery store , etc . They are pre-programmed to travel their flight path and the people at the store load 'em up and send them back home to you . This is perfect especially in cold weather or snowy area . ''
Flying car
A rent a bike program . Where you can rent and return electric bicycle . It could be either manned by a person or just a machine .
Public skype/facetime station in major transportation hub ( bus or train station , airport ) . ''
Governments could offer tax incentive for individual willing to give up their personal vehicle in favor of public transport or other environmentally friendly method of commuting .
I think a good idea will be to use electric cycle instead of a bike or a car in metro . They not only help in decreasing pollution a well a motivating people towards physical exercise .



A proper network of e cycle and connected to a main frame can be seen a a new transportation system emerging . Moreover this can also be used a a public transportation system by constructing cycle stand where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine . ''
a trolley system that go through the main line of town . hop on/hop off style so that people can use it to get to work
Automated Bicycle Rental Station . When i wa visiting colorado i wa so fascinated to see that they had Bicycle Rental Station nearly everywhere . That be so cool to have in my city !
in the future i would like for there to be a bus that is run on peddles that way people are able to work out while getting to where they need to go and they can take break if they are too tired . however , they cant stop for too long . also this will decrease the amount of gas that is being used ''
Monorail free everywhere
a railway system that go over part of the city and is solar powered so it more efficient .
It is not innovative in term of the whole world , but would be very innovative in my community - bike share . The area where I live is suburban , so difficult to get enough rider for frequent mass transit . And it 's too spread out for just walking . Bike share stand , where subscriber had a code to access bike from a bike locker , would allow people to commute from place to place ( even just to nearby main bus route ) with relative ease . ''
Scooter would be great transportation for college kid and busy city .
An underground system in my small town like a subway . But instead of a subway underground , it would be those moving sidewalk you see in the airport that you could walk or glide quickly from place to place . ''
Currently , my city is very underserved by the public transportation system . I believe that the existing public transit should be expanded with a greater fleet of bus , so that all people in my community could be served . The bus currently in operation only reach about half ( if that ) of the city 's occupant , leaving many without an opportunity to get where they need to go quickly and affordably . ''
Rent a cycle , a set of motorcycle that you can pay for per hour to take and go to the store or rent for the day for work on warm day . they 'd have a wheel lock like the citi bike in New york so you put your card in and go ''
A bicycle with sphere instead of wheel
Bike rickshaw
A bus that ha a design similar to a hydrofoil boat . The bus would run on special track that would be parallel to each other on opposite side of a street . This passenger compartment would be on top , with the `` '' foil '' '' connecting to the two track . There would be open space underneath the passenger compartment where the road is . This way , the bus could move unimpeded by traffic , while also not disrupting traffic itself . Also , passenger would not even see the traffic below them , making the ride smooth , comfortable , and consistent . ''
The future transportation system would include a bus that run through the country , a I do not live in a big city . It would stop at the end of each road , where you could meet it and get a ride into town . I feel like it would be more efficient . ''
Everything run on automated self driving car . Normal car are not allowed on the road . Everything will run smoothly since it is computer operated and parking space wo n't be needed . Bicyclists will no longer have to worry .
teleportation . all you have to do is build a teleporter at each major hub in your city and you 're golden
I live near the water , so water transportation would be nice to have . It could be a system of ferry that can go from port to port , carrying passenger like a bus system . This would reduce the amount of car on the road and the amount of traffic . ''
My idea is re-creating the Trolly car , they would go through neighborhood and people can hop on and off a it slowly move . ''
A pedi cab service similar to Uber . People would sign up to drive people around on their bicycle . It 's a small neighborhood and could easily be done . The call service could have a phone app and website to make it easier to schedule pick ups .
Something like this could be the personal transportation of the future . You 'd have to eliminate a lot of safety issue , but a personal transporter that doe n't require the use of road , or create traffic jam could be amazing . Cold fusion technology might make this possible , or the EMDrive ''
So in this idea you have a train system , but car joining the existing train are accelerated prior to joining a constantly moving train . This mean the train effectively never stop to pick up passenger . It just release car onto slipway . It make the train completely reliable to within minute ''
auto |very nice survey for this world .
I did n't know a proper way to convey this in a picture , so I drew up a subway map for a small town . I 'm from a small town about an hour away from Dallas , Texas . It PAINS me knowing that the only public transportation exists only for major city . Those of u with car problem end up with no other option for transportation . I would love to have an underground system for smaller connecting city , and also a larger train system to get between major city . ''
Magic flying carpet | Personal transport for 2020 : Car > Ship > Self-airplane , Transformer 'CSP ' | time travel machine ''
Driverless Car , GPS | Power skates/shoes - for individual , hear individual 's verbal instruction , GPS | Flying Car ( Electric powered , no pollution ) , GPS ''
Propeller Hat | Harry Potter Flying Broom | Flying Wheels
Electrical car w/o wheel | Bullet train | Mechanical Wings
Lift sensors/ human being within , automatically open , button only inside | Dustbin ( Sensors human ) auto-open to throw trash ``
Bullet car | Sheltered bicycle | Superman/Glider/Cape
MRT - extend cabin when crowded | Flying suit - reach a place with a touch of a button | Car - voice operated , bring you to the place ``
Travelator along roads/ outdoor > increase speed of travelling > encourages travelling by foot > decrease carcon footprint ! | Teleport here
Motorised bicycle | No need transport > work from home teleconference | seat that can travel
Personal speed boat , singapore river | MRT Ferry system , shelter | Flying car , float , wing , travel on sea too ! ''
Motorised roller blade , to be allowed on the road | High technology road > Travellator road | Bullet Train , magnetic repulsion ``
parachute with wind steering from my high story flat | electric , movable stand , park and go from place to place | wing , I can fly to where I want to go ''
Wheels in a bag , portable , easy to use | Pair of wing to each person , foldable wing that can be activated a and when we want , remote control the wing to attach it to the person | Designated road lane for portable transport device . Eg - Bicycle , electric scooter ''
underground road system | personal way to fly around
Double Decker Toilet Trains
teleportation `` '' Beam me up Scotty ! '' '' |city designed in such a way nobodt need to drive or take public transport to work ! Eg - Run ! Cycle ! Walk ! | Fly ! There is so much more airspace than ground space ! ''
Smarter bus lane , resource management | Better car utilisation , Uber , Grab-taxi , Comfort | smaller car ''
transportation for individual -small physical footprint/easy to park/ keep -easy to use/ no learning curve | Transportation for family -only family can register to own car ! ! ! | Transportation for mass -the usuals train , bus -grass on roof -solarpowered buses/ train -sensor light ``
Flying car | Rapid Projectile passenger ccapsule | Levitating personal craft
Driverless | Centrally managed transport > by schedule , on-demand ``
Internet | Iphone | Robotics |Laser
Personal Hover Craft , All terrain personal hover craft , Patent Pending ``
Take lift up , MRT/ Bus stop | Scooter Rental Kiosk , MRT/ Bus stop | All terrain personal hover craft , runway , teleporting point , HDB ``
Solar panel , heat up air , fan ``
Personal Transportation device ( Nx gen ! ! ) | Teleport
Personal Transportation device | teeth for grip , 3 wheel for uneven terrain-adds stability , suspension-absorbs shock , wing to fly , tightens when speed increase , close in to slow down ''
doraemon , voice-control self gps | unmanned self-drive vehicle , solar engine plus water pressure , fly in the sky , on road and underwater , gps |teleport , home > work ''
work at home | Escalator city , double up a goods/mail delivery system , mobile office | car-free zone , car at underground road , surface car-free , car at the underground ''
Flying PDA for SOS | Tele-transportation AMK-internet-TP | Heli-hat
water transport , waterway speed ferry| hoverboard | train-cable car city ( cable train circle line , cable train N/S-EW line ) ``
Heli - motor chair | Fly bag | Motor-skater
user defines route to book driverless transport cabin , automatic driverless |transportation drone | modular transport vehicle to cutomise to different need ( eg more people add more cabin , le people smaller road footprint ) , mass produce modular component to bring down cost and inter-operability ``
Flying Carpet | People , Bicycle , Car ``
Work from home , online shopping | two-wheel smart electric scooter kiosk |flying device carried by the human ``
parachute | flying car
Exo-skeleton assisted movement | driveless transport port | island wide bicycle system
Personal jetpacks , ultra efficient solar cell | Frictionless train track ( to prevent wear & tear of MRT track ) , driverless , sky train | work from home ``
Solar panel | retractable wheel
casual air transport | travelators ( walk way ) in the city , to expedite walking pace | Willy wonka 's lift that go in all direction ( up , down , left , right ''
Wheels
vertical landing & take off | Auto-sensing brake , gps ``
Flying bicycle/ lift | Flying ship , break through large wave ``
travelator walkway , platform , control button on speed/ stop | motorised bicycle | driverless electrical car , motorised ''
Hover craft transportation , make use of air space , expressway , use side , add transportation for people ``
helmet
Flying in the air
wing

bicycle kite | get-engine | system , teleporter ''
Foldable bike
can fly , can drive , can sail ( duck tour similar ) | doreamon | flying car ``
Power wheel | Power , wing ``
Motorised skateboard | engineered flying carpet

Molecular reconstruction | thought powered electric unicycle | thought powered shoe
underground road system
battery powered motor with solar cell
car the regenerate using wind energy | magnetic levitation shoe to travel from poing to point , magnetic strip flushed to ground , maglev pod | train that transit from land to water , on wheel > air propulsion like hovercraft ? ``
drone delivering people like how stock deliver baby . Point A to point B with preprogrammed flight plan | 1 . Get in vehicle , 2. vertical boost in ballistic path , 3. arrive roughly where you want to go , 4. drive to exact point | underground mole , dig temporary tunnel to get from point A to B , refill hole a you go ``
hover buggy | conveyor belt network | magnetic levitation , magnetic carriageway ``
anti-face ' device , inside ball | walking aid | avatar 'robot suit ' -autonomous , with GPS ''
Sitting monocycle | Tracked/ Powered roller skate , instead of roller utilise bar , allows for 2 degree of freedom | large scale travelators withing town ``
expandable car , motorbike + motorbike + canopy = car | tube/ high speed travellator throughout the country ``
coffee cup holder , bag/ briefcase holder , hinge ``
CTE tunnel , KPE air | teleportation door ``
Trust powered
hover board | add turbo power for speed



virtually meet and feel the people | shoe that transport me on the surface and in the air | fly like a bird




GPS unmanned
Motor , motor | spiderman | hovercraft , magnet ``
grab-bus , where ? DSTA ''
transport that bring to your dooestep
flying shoe | rocketeer | iron man
jetpack | cable shi | multi-layer train station
Electric skateboard | Driver-less car
Computers , aircon , ipad , telephone , internet , car ''
levitate by magnet ? | bounce
Booster added to a backpack |direction control ( left , right ) ``
solar cell | small rack
Hover board| fly pack | stand-sit mover
Wings , jet , steerer , solar powered energy storage ``
Teleport | jetpack | harmonic levitation train
rocket booster | slide | solar- powered bicycle
Levitating surfing board | Personal jet pack | Common pool of GPS guided vehicle
Multi level transportation | wind power , activate skate when walking on flat ground ``
Solar panel , battery | tunnel ``
touch screen , navigation screen that will auto navigate based on selected route , glass , couch cum massager | retractable wheel that can be retracted into amphibious vehicle for travelling on water across river |doremon 's door -going thru will bring you to the desired destination ``
google watch allows you to navigate and control wheel with ease | press a button the watch and teleport from point A to B
canal ferry service | magic carpet
Hover craft | retractable wheel
Inflatable tyre unicycle | bus parasailing
engine so can travel super fast , wheel , | home > teleport > office ``
firebolt , aircon/ gps | extended arm to move vehicle away ``
Fly like iron man | four directional hamster ball
land , oxygen , fly , tank | unmanned vehicle no need to get license | shoe , fire fire ``
foldable into a suitcase | elevator
Personal Capsule transportation , all network underground , window in the tunnel | Teleport , enabled by statelite , heli-cycle ( trailer to carry other passenger ) | virtual reality office > work in VR from home > each can see what the other is looking at ``
virtual transportation , 3D virtual projection , augmented table & control , 3D scanner | 4 seater personal autonomous vehicle , hover over magnetized lane , luggage space , uber-like booking system and payment | Parachute , propeller , personal air transport , fly ``
air , flying shoe + parachute , levitation transportation ( with seatbelt ) , multi-layerered transportation infrastructure | water , floating water way , water , riding on national canal | land , superfast travellator + transportation trolley ( with seatbelt ) ``
the train that doe not stop at train station , existing train track , train station ``
flying mass transport , can go faster , le obstacle , personal transport , two layer | 2 lane solution only ( no more car ! ) -personal ( segway/bicycle ) -mass transport ( bus/trains ) | autonomous , every vehicle travel at optimum speed , each vehicle slot in and out , connected thru magnetism ``
personal autonomous heli| Personal electric autonomous car/ scooter , 1/2 pax | wind-blown tube for people | ( ? ? ? ) ''
Personal jetpacks | electromagnetically couple onto 'transport of opportunity ' | high gear ratio mono-cycle
Waterjet to create water flow | ( ? ? ? )
magnetic levitation , rail track ``
multi story highway + multi storey sky-train ( increase capacity during peak - manage demand eg . work at home/ ... work hour ) | replace all road with travellator ( multi tier ) equip with cabin that move 24 hour non-stop , no more private car , driverless people mover programmed to maximise/ optimize use of limited 'land ' resource , exploit space underground and/or overhead platform for travellators , free up limited land resource for better economic purpose , underground tele-personal pod | compact urban transporter , battery operated , ecofriendly , maximise capacity ``


Carlite city : reduce reliance on car , use bicycle | mobile parachute | driverless vehicle | sensor in vehicle to bring back vehicle to destination through the fastest route | transport able to go land and sea ( not only land ) | transport music and movie for passenger ``
Driverless vehicle that can travel air/ on land/ on water , tech spec : Fire resistant ``
driverless , sensor-controlled that can travel in air/land/sea ``
Reliable/ energy efficient , underground rail , us magnetic induction , conveyor system | Personalised , individual pod , charging pod , wifi | alighting platform , safe , slows down at alighting platform ''
remote control , sensor to avoid collision | networked island connected by seated travellators , travellators , walkway | using the sea a a form of travel , boat station ``
roller shoe | flying balloon | travelator | multi-model
magnetic shoe , magnetic road | wheel powered shoe , remote control by blue tooth technology from hp/ google glass , watches/ voice recognition | surface to stand on , fan blade , handle , controller/handle for stability ``
shoe , propellor engine , foglight , wheeled | moving plate , seat , control , luggage | mobile aeroplane , solar panel ``
travelator - conveyor belt | capsule tube | lavitator pod
navigation cum entertainment system
segway ? | driverless cart , woodland , sengkang , pasir ri | flying fox ``
fly over building , longer distance | cable car system , automatic , building to building | short distance , motorised skate ``
Car-bed , air-conditioned , noise-cancelling environment | boat bed , air conditioned , noise cancelling environment | fly-bed , air conditioned , noise cancelling environment ''
jet pack | mobile suit , stuff | magnet ``
flying bicycle , wing | can fly , can hover , wing | underground loop pod , 600km/hr , station ``
sheltered walkway when raining , pedestrian path , hybrid battery + humand motion power ( moving leg , stable leg , dynamo | move by pedalling , cushion , shoe in bagpack , inflatable , munual pump | controlled flow of water , park connector with waterway ''
tough terrain 'legs ' stable ( single/ double passenger ) | unmanned gps-guided centrally-controlled family car | aerial system , retrievable wing , fast car , no COE , diesel/ gas , can run on water ``
R2D2 operating , my home | ``
gas cylinder refuel | 3D printable blade | next generation float-skating shoe , rotary wing , gas ejects ''
Driverless , no coe | green ( battery operated ) ''
family , control , speed | single person , motor shoe , remote control , speed button | single person , slim chair , remote control , climb , speed ``

personal pod , travelator , travelator stop | interoperability & anti-collision ``
car fusion technology | rolling transporter | sheltered public travellators
teleport | underwater , O2 | vacuum device ''
collision avoidance , E/O , lidar , IR | robot_me , home , helmet | moving travelator , stop button , massage capability ``
water taxi , on-demand , driverless car | virtual-tele-conference ``
office is a big bus that pick worker upfront home + drop them off at the end of the day , transport desired location to human | teleport | road for car , pathway for alternative transportation device eg . Bicycle , scooter , pedestrian walkway ``
making use of lateral airspace & comms network for driverless system | beam me up scotty , destination a , destination b | use internet , no need to travel ! ''
roadside tree , canopy walk | travellator | tarzan swing ''
hot air balloon concept , deflatable , hovercraft , can float on water , hover on land , prevents accident because of material used | personal flying machine | build with solar panel ``
cover to shield rain , add a seat | ``
helicopter scooter | propellor shoe
multistories railway
fly | bus system , tunnel , travel together | fly , fly path ``
personal propellor system | vertical lift self propelled car | hover bus above car
flying car , with sensor for collision detection and anti-tailgating feature | 2 seater rail | self-propel ''
personal transport system , collapsible ``

tube | safety net | extra booster
self balance bike ( auto balance ) | hover car , blade ``
driverless car | hovering pod | teleportation device
personal aircraft for travelling | car of different size that can travel on top of another , optimise road space | fast car/ boat for coastal access , SMRT/ SBS to operate ferry service & link to MRT station ``
flying car , nitrogen | underwater train | teleport ``
hot air balloon , automated | leg ( walker ) | jetpack ''
personal transportation : portable , automated , infrastructure catered for these device | automated driving | transportation system : carpool ( efficiency ) , few stops/ destination , express transport sytem , reliable ``
waterway transport | highly reliable rail system that is within reach of every household | personal transport device with infrastructured catered for them
cardless , personal flying device , smart bicycle ``
teleport , hoverboard , autonomous car ``
bus and train with multilevel , use magnetism to 'hang ' & incease surface area | 3D print yourself , clone multiple of yourselves , clone war ! , be everywhere | motorised rollerblade shoe , different from rollerblade a wheel are on the side allows better balance ``
motorbike , build more overhead highways/ road ( go vertical up ) | tunnel underground ``
mini bus with self driving bus-lane | aircon travelator > integrate with existing MRT train track ? | Personal electric bicycle > can charge with iPhone/ smartphone charger , iBicycle-sync with iOS ''
wheel on the shoe | teleportation | telepresence


car that can be put in pocket ( this is magical : S. J. ) | auto inflatable personalise devise
self-powered , self-unfolding , self- balancing , self-driving , bi/tiicycles , sensor , roof because rain | life-size telepresence , segway-like ``
narrow the road by 50 % | replace with guiding/ electronic lane | build mini car that run on new lanes/ road

driverless-sensor-car , allow car to travel back and to back > reduce road congestion , magnetic connection distance 0.5m | sheltered bike that can travel on water | O = booster or magnetic levitation | hoverboard ''
solar panel | helment , jet suit |spoiler ``


collision deflection/ avoidance system , 'liquid metal ' material ( transform into smllaer when not in use ) , adhesive shoe , hover above ground | wings-on-shoes , charging station | fluffy 'cloud ' material , leg can be embedded into cloud for stability , interface to customise : UI , hovers above ground/ air transport , flying carpet mode/ winged horse mode ``
rent/ reuse/ exchange vehicle , hdb > cycle > deposit in underground storage system > MRT > hop into vehicle > last mile drive > park in underground storage system | harness network , underground , underground station | tele-wokring , tele-living > shared office space , work from anywhere , shop from nearest regional centre , amenity from very near regional center -- same transport system but much le travelling ``
teleport to where you want | wing to fly
copter-backpack | jetpack | hoverboard
jet propulsion shoe ( like back to the future , with shoe , can already fly up in the air ) | personal space shuttle > take off to outer space , tilt a little then come back to destination on earth |cars on conveyor belt for expressway > avoid traffic jam ( often expressway are no longer express becasue of car accident . with conveyor belt , car accident are avoided ) ``
super high speed transportation pod that do not require stop between any point | hovercraft | electric powered wing
multi level train track | building , slide | half the size of car , top view , side view ``
skateboard , jet propelled | the sphere allows for passenger to travel in the statosphere just like the airplane . The shpere only come on when the sphere need to travel in the stratosphere like the plane . Otherwise , passenger will do without sphere just like sentosa luge. ``
add wing for efficient energy management < float around | rocket power
metal platform for a person to stand and can move around | motorised scooter | flying car so that road need not be expanded to increase capacity . But car with flying capability can fly across car
gps capability , collision sensor | ``
personal hovercraft | personal mobility vehicle | miniboat
glass | glass , oxygen , solar panel , charge batt , hogwarts platform ``
change to areoplane for transport in air , air sea land | news screen , gps | turbo ``
hovering/ levitating | hologram - usa , singapore , china | auto-balancing to avoid falling ``
jetpack | exo-skeleton | lift
magnetic levitation | jetpack | vacuum , capsule ``
helicopter cap , light ( torch ) , collision avoidance sensor | 1 person car , aircon , air bad needed , self balancing wheel , light dependent shelter | transporter , portable transporter ``
solar panel , turbo | solar panel ``
solar panel | solar panel

retract blade , retract wheel , run on compressed air ``
sky gliding | hover scooter | helicopter helmet
why should I travel ? Get the thing to me ! , magnetic field | entry to travelator , solar travelatoe along major road | upward force , protection google , forward force ''
uniwheel > light , portable , cheap | elevated bus where other personal vehicle can travel underneath , not affected by traffic jam | dedicated lane for bicycle , uni-wheels , manual scooter ``
super fast train travel in sea | flying board |driverless vehicle ( on land and sea )
filter , solar panel , gps | generator , remote control gps | skateboard ''
retactable wheel
gps - scooter with auto-route and auto-transport
board with bullet train technology , magnetic force ``
foldable wheel , skate | retractable handle ``
personal transport board , bigger wheel , extend small wheel outwards ``
transform | rotate and use a propulsion
mini aircraft | horse riding | walk
track
platform to move in + up the tunnel | slide
telecommuting : complete removal of need to take the pblic transport to get to work | hyperloop.sg : travel from boonlay to changi in undr 5 min ( west to east in 5mins ) | uniscooterpark : treat uni-scooter a bicycle a a mean of transport . Have uniscooter park where people can drop off their scooter . Just like rental bicycle in UK
car that can travel on water - make u of water a 'road ' to travel around Singapore | use the box | rainbow jet pack
comprtible , jetpack , jetpack tax , nuclear powered ``
trance/port , press your destination , food bar |personal flying , solar powered , battery pack ''
teleport at the convenience of home/office | can pick people along the way |
control , rotor wing if boot fail , battery-gps-selfdrive bluetooth | only standing with multirows | road , river , air ``
bicycle rental service pay a you use , pavement | electric rental car service pay a you use - pavement , charger , electric car ``
rotor blade , hat | jetpack , control panel | hover machine , seat , control ``
shared parking car , house , office , hdbs | car able to take mrt to go to accessible place , and move off from there | exchange house via online system , office 1 is near house 2 , office 2 near house 1 so 1 & 2 switch house . ''
touch screen control | public driverless van that bring people directly to their destination , user to input travel destination - calculate best route | amk street 21 , see where your bus is exactly ``
wing to control | magnetic | nuclear power , improve aesthetic ``
flintstone human power , underpass of major road country , bicycle , tricycle , only network , no cars/ mrt | concrete jungle walk , HDB > steel rope > HDB | canoe in the drain ``
reconfigurable roads/ expressway : to adjust to traffic condition , barrier rise out of the ground , reprogrammable direction arrow , rotating road lane | high-speed rail : parallel to existing rail lane , stopping only at major stop ``
modular basement system | superconductors
small capsule for single-personal transport | boat service around singapore , solar powered , singapore | hot air balloon with thruster for direction control ``
solar cell for harnessing energy , passenger sit , slot to insert wing for flying , design similar to starwars space craft , ( ? ? ? ) |solar cell ( harness light from sin for fuel ) , rubber padding that act a wheel and double up a shock absorber , concept similar to sphero | hyperloop : capsule ride on air cushion by linear induction motor and compressed air , capsule container to contain passenger , idea similar to antimatter creation device , horse hadron collider ``
human jetplane | human quadcopter | levitating carpet
blue tire spanning at the diameter of the shell of the transport | take 2dimesion transport to the next level , introducing 3dimension transport : to reduce traffic jam , car can stack on other car . Many more people in shorter traffic distance | magic carpet : using high performance material , solar panel or piezoelectricity for power , roll up for every storage , aerodynamic aerofoil structure ``
sturdy foundation | solar cell | light and durable material
water transport system ( underground ) , point a -- ( floating device , water flow ) -- - > point b | solar powered electricself guided vehicle , gps/ anti-collision system | long distance flat escalator system ( underground ) with movable shelter ( point a to b ) ``
electric vehicle | electric scooter | monorail
traffic condition update on road usage and suggest best route to work/ travel | cycling , walk path usuage | super light and extendable personal device ``
bubble tube transport system , bubble to house people , system transfer based on destination | hoverboard , hover platform | self-driven vehicle , vehicle guided by sensor , embedded ''
all foldable chair in bus to spare space , pull out chairs-retracts when not seated | bus to have sliding dorrs for embarking/ disembarking to prvent physical harm , colour coded to flash when opening/ closing | public gps screen on bus to show current location , accessible from mobile phone ``
electric/ solar uni-mobile , lightweight eg fiberglass ? | autonomous train that ( ? ? ? ) | electric scooter , magnetic levitation ``
walk : everything and everything within two kilimeters or door-step delivery | Personal carpet | street-level , village-level , chauffeured drive vehicle fleet ``
20 minute to anywhere , cycle | no queue , fly | no traffic light , sail ``
work from home | use 'kar ' ( leg - in other word , walking ) | bicycle/ unicycle ``
motor boat that navigate the canal network/ reservoir in this island | self-driven that can slow down or move forward without petrol or gasoline ( environmentally friendly ) | drone that can carry a 100kg payload ( big headache for transport minister to regulate traffic in the air )
transport : helicopter/ plane across the island eg . Changi to jurong | driverless taxi that go around city and town by gps , anti-collsion sensor , run on solar power | fireplace teleport of harry potter ``
teleport system : 1. scan the molecular structure 2. send the digitalized information over 3. once transmission completes , build the molecular structure , destroy the body , for far away place use quantum entanglement | hovering vehicle | personal SMRT ``
protective helmet , foldable wing , wing backpack ( with parachute ) | turn the knob | teleport tunnel , entry to next destination , tunnel generator ''
car can convert to 'ship ' | add bicycle-only lane and express way - encourage bikers | replace mrt with conveyor belt , more 24/7 > everybody have a seat and o wait ``
driverless mini bus | propellor | personal transport by standing on top , levitate , propulsion system ''
train fail le , more fault tolerant | driverless cars/ bus ``
teleport | bus , car , rail track ``
landing gear , motor to stabilise & control ``
jetpack | just make it into shoe | gps location update , gyroscope , rechargeable ``
hoverboards , emission free | tiered road for different destination | a system where every car is a taxi ``
remote controlled wheelchairs/ pram | exo-skeleton , all terrain esp urban , stair , etc , high speed , compact all-day fuel cell , hydraulics , all-terrain footwear | driverless networked car : prevent collsion , reduced safety distance , optimal flow , wireless transmission of intent ``
personal jetpack - for military use + industrial use | passenger plane from one destination to another to replace bus | single row bus to save space
key in destination , teleport | ( intranet , smartphone , aircraft ) ``
sensor , reserved land for autonomous vehicle , normal vehicle lanes// 1. sensor , 2. reopened lane for autonomous vehicle ( taxi , bus ) , 3. apps to track sensor & vehicle for traffic congestion & shortest route ``
tunneling > use diglet or dugtrio to travel
sunbathing chair with wheel | ji-ba-boom
personal transport - 2 seater car with 2 wheel , modular design to add 1 more unit to have 4 wheel and 4 seat | can be done ! , big ball | in future : lidt that go to anywhere u want to go - travel up instead of horizontally ''

bus , magnet ''
gyrocycle

abundance of crow . Mind control them to carry u
superman cape with gps
parasite

UFO , protect against haze | motor ''
fly , glider wing | motor ``

solar , uv clothing ``
motor , chair ``
car + e-chauffeur , gps | percopter , singular helicopter , gps | e-bicycle , gps ``
floating , submarine ``
can park horizontally , space parking space ``
electric shoe | something with wing | multi cabin lrt
solar panel energy | solar panel energy , cover from rain | gps ``
solar panel car | solar panel/ electric bike | solar panel wheelchair

missles

dynamically changing road there responds to traffic + change to re-route cars/ vehicle > > transformer road
transform into a backpack
transportation pod , transportation tube , pod ''
charging cable
detachable carriage | shoe
auto piloted capsule running on tracks/ rail | vertical take-off & landing , auto piloted capsule : no skill required , punch in location ( dont need to know the map to get there ) , flexible leg to land on any terrain | jetpack : who doesnt love to fly like superman ``
high speed capsule 270km/hr | high speed capsule ( can fly , invisible air route ) - select where you want to go , pay a you fly ``
portal code , number pad ``
stabilizer | big bird| floating on air
travelator side-walk & park connector | tube , gyro-platform , chair , sphere , self-driven | computer screen , self-driven chair ``

use of biometrics eg . Thumbprint recognition and charging for public transport | travelators along linkways | mary poppins !


teleport
hoverboard | flying wearable


autonomous bus , led displaying information such a news , travel detail , driverless bus// technical spec : 1. space optimization-reconfiguring of seat 2. ( ? ? ? ) 3.green innovation 4.ability to fly ( launch when required ) | level 1 , level 2 , intelligent ropeway , smart safety vest , computer/ sensor - input location , select location - expo , cdb , airport ``
bus should have shutter on the entire left side of the vehicle so that people getting on + off will no longer be an issue . Seats will only be on the right side . Need new way to detect payment | autonomous vehicle | double layer highway + specific lane for different type of vehicle
auto w/o the need of driver , chip to find a car when it is stolen , sensor to detect obstacle , wing-can activate the wing via remote control to fly when there is long traffic jam | moving house on sea/ land | can fly & move any terrain ``
driverless , 1/2 sized | segway transporter-longer distance , segway equivalent roadway for low speed travel | on demand/ dynamic transport planner ``

vertical takeoff | hop on and off for hitch-hikers | stabilised seat in transit , mobile home ``
solar cell to power vehicle | solar cell | solar cell , take off from point to point ``
transportation system that cater to my daily schedule , 8am : ready to leave house - auto car service arrive at door ( calendar sync to personalised transportation system ) | hand device-vibrate when it is time to go to catch bus before you will be late for work | mrt station : gantry free with face recognition system ``
auto-drive
multi vertical level transport , floating levitated , floating , foldable transparent sheet , ruduces bulkiness , single person transport ``
moving track at the side of the road , replaceable top , to be placed onto moving track , ressemble to become scooter , track path beside pedestrain path ``


personal transport device : 3 wheel for stability , can be collapsed into a flat piece for easy storage , cushion seat , basket , battery and motor , 3 wheel , foot rest ``
electric scooter , supermarket | mrt station > housing building , high-rise cable to reduce congestio , transportation like cable car | special scooter only lane on road and expressway ``
keep your belongs eg . Brief case , parachute , jetpower ''
prevent bird landing , propulsion , one-man , helium/ hot-air balloon ( to reduce road congestion ) , heating coil to heat/cool for ascend/descend , steering control ''


level 1 : north south , level 2 : north east , level 3 : eastwest , level 4 : downtown , level 5 : circle , level 6 : bus interchange , level 7 : taxi , level 8 : airport , level 9 : JB malaysia ``
hovercraft | mrt line | $ 4ecp , $ 3ecp ''

bumper car | woodland teleport station , cbd teleport station ``
bedok , sentosa| shield for accident , le to run , faster than car ``
cable car

remote controlled shoe | foldable car - safe carpark space | multi-level expressway
fueled bu natural element , no need to re-charge with electricity ( environmetally friendly ) , with umbrella to shield from sun & rain | flying backpack , collapsible wing into the backpack when kept ``
vehicle ' that can be stored away easily ( no need carpark ) | driverless auto-travel between point + pre-scheduled timing | travelator seat that go from point to point
flying carpet | look like helicopter , flying car | driverless , internet ``
a double decker mrt , sleeping deck ( more $ ) | river taxi , link to mrt interchange | UV protection rain shield ``
hang glider | mobile office , driverless , autonomous vehicle ''
movable sofa | door to anywhere | teleport ( home > dsta )
low flying 'aircraft ' , autodrive | handle , seat , single wheel bicycle with seat and shelter | map select the destination and will be transported to the venue ''
individual bubble carrier/ car , mind sensor know where you want to go after you enter | 'bullet ' car for speed | temperature sensor , wing , ( to provide you with info eg . Traffic , arrival time etc ) - LCD screen , wing fly if road are congested ``
in-built camera with gps | navigation on sea | air filter to trap pm2.5 particle
lift teleport system - within singapore and overseas ( rephrased ) | car to go to destination -for shopping/ supermarket - order at home
transoprt for car-pooling | shoe with in-built roller to activate anytime
air , propellor blade , cloud | land | sea , water skipper ( walk on water surface ) ``

solar panel , traffic sensor | gps | gps ``
hover | moving capsule ( bed )
flying transformer
flying convertible car

station one , station 2 | human on wheel ``
amk - law of gravity - paya lebar | singapore ( to bedok , to jurong ) ``

helmet , wing ''
portkey , underground cycling track ``
hoverboard | capsule , air ''
overall landscape | short distance , all electric wheelchair/ children/ elderly friendly | long distance , hover ``

fly if road is congested , mist for cooling , extra lift/thrust , on the road | go anywhere magic pocker ``
personal chopper , jet pack | teleport ''


joystick , seat , 1 wheel , 2 wheel | single person motorised skate scooter with cover | capsule ''
hovercraft , boarding ladder | flying car , attachable train car ( on track or on road or a a helicopter ) , removable rotor blade , electric battery , solar ``
wheelchair with cover and propeller | levitating board | teleportation pad
grappling umbrella , umbrella that allows you to climb great height and rappel | retractable gilder | hoverboard ''
shelter to shield from rain & lightning , headlight , solar powered skate | water pipe | ball , window , sea , propellor ''
invisible cloak
teleport | jetpack | magic broom
travelling wheel capsule | flying carpet | dragon unit
flying umbrella | massage chair , auto moving shoe | cable everywhere , zorb ball ``
bicycle
expressway conveyor belt
cannon to shoot far away distance
conveyor belt | gun
elevated platform built for dedicated bicycle lane , expressway road | cbd area with , amy highrise buildings/ HBD estate , cable car system linking building rooftop | main train car moving along road - similar to bus service , capsule will be transferred to other train cr to let capsule reach destination , personal capsule attached to train car , like passenger getting on a bus ``
human flight suit | personal electric roller blade/ wheel | teleportation fates/ portal via underground tunnel
jet shoe | jetpack | people mover escalator
roller blade with engine | car with wing | teleportation

self navigating jet | 3km/hr , 11km/hr ``
jump suit , jump to anywhere | air scooter | upgraded 'ironman ' suit to space ``
jetpack | hoverboard ( self-navigating ) | driveless car + plane + ship
teleport device | personal flying device | bigger capacity mrt
DIC LRT , staircase , clockwise , anti-clockwise ``
teleport , portal gate + movable | sky travelator | everyone got a skycar ``
personal jetpack | automobile with flight capability , radar system , anticollision , mse system , sky elevator | double decker mrt , teleport ``
sliding , magnetic sole , magnetic floor | sliding here and there | bounce from place to place , trampoline path ``
teleport | boot , programmable route , gps integrated ''
portal gate , key in destination , announcement , destination reached | skycar ``
snake roller | kangeroo hopper
autonomous personal capsule | flying by car | flying drone
travelator/ lift between building | propulsion vest
house on the move , levitating boots/ shoe to move faster , road for levitating boot to propel ( like maglev for train ) , gps enabled , route sensitive , set route ``
fully driverless car replacing all human driven car , on-demand and available at any location , any time , any weather , fully electric vehicle replacing all petrol/diesel car | personal train cabin | open up canal network for travelling ``
personalized roller coaster , network of narrow tunnel across country underground , no need to change 'trains ' , auto track switching , several entry point for single seat to join the network , exit point based on desired destination | single seat flying device , low altitude , auto navigation | modular/ container home , mover service to relocate home next to your destination , eg . next to office , 'slots ' available to slot in entire home unit ``
one sear mini electrical-driven re-chargeable car , most of the time , there is only one person driving a 4 seat car from home to office . It is a waste of space and resource ``
iron man mark 2 , auto drive | maglev car , magnet strip underground | portal/ wormhole , point a , point b ''
work from home if possible for certain type of professional | helicopter-taxi/ transport
telepresence , mobile working | travelator powered by walking around singapore , personal transporter , exo-skeleton that move the user around faster than 30km/hr , enhance exo-skeleton project and build it for mission | personal flyer/ rocket , collaboration transportation , smart swarm transportation ``
tubo option available | gliding kite ( oragami kite , no strin attached , wind powered ) | hover shoe , air padded for comfort ``
back to the future , hover board , turbo-powered | jet pack | no need transport , live in the matrix , telepresence ``
teleportation | hover car | gyrosphere
personal hover plane , short distance travel | enhance logistics > move the thing you need to you | capsule high speed tube , low pressure tube magnetic accelerated ``
driverless grid | jetpack | fold-able
personal transportation system , mrt | detachable | destination , underground tunnel , transport bed , roller , high pressure or pushing transport load ``
car travel in air | travelator from station to station , people just need to step on and off | teleport ``
formless
tele-prescence | info-enabled transportation , clustering ``
bulky | fuel tank put where ? Or energy souce ? Steep learning curve ? Like skateboard
triple decker mrt | self route optimization based on knowledge
steering , engine , flying device | house , sensor map route , 4 wheel vehicle to tranport possengers on pre-planned route following sensor ( no driver required ) , destination | wheel , spring ''
electric car , owned/rental | motorised scooter , owned/ rental | Data , data , data , into dedicated public transport , carpool ''
complement mass public transport system - short loop , last min schedule , personal transportation system | 1. personal drone delivery system -expansion of drone mail delivery service demonstrated by singpost , 4x heavy lift drone worn by user , input destination on keypad and onboard system will determine shorter path , ETA , collision aviodance , solar powered/ battery operated , retractable when not in use , on board parachute ( quick deploy ) for emergency | group/ family vehicle , enclosed version , ( ? ? ? ) | the propulsion , backpack worn ( ? ? ? ) ''
teleport , port a , port b | avenue 1 , hoverboard , magnetic floor | underground transportation tube ( air ) ``
3 stage personalized public transportation ( PPT ) | 1. pick up from home , share driverless car , smartphone - initiate transport request | 2. express long haul to major hub ( waterway , canal > speed boat ) | 3. last mile transport to destination from hub , driverless car optimised by route sharing passenger ``

all round see through
hovering car | automated car | bullet train
flying mat | riverlator | arm strong flying kit
teleport ? | airborne broom | land and air scooter , destination by touch of button ``
wing to be attached to human body | attachable robotic leg that walk 60km/hr , logic will get you from a to z , imagination will get you everywhere | flying carpet , disclaimer : I 'm not an engineer ''
teleport | magic door
moving chair , cushion , foldable , 60 km/hr | magnetic shoe | personal aircraft without wing , flying w/o wing ``
2D wheeler to view skyscraper view along cliff
environmentally friendly & healthy livign device | using wind a a mean of transport | pedal if there 's no wind . Utilize wind power
unmanned automobile ( eg . Car ) | device replace carkey/ finger print concept , etc ``
escalator road | increase use of sea route | double decker road
compact into fashion use | shrink into origami bag

motorised shoe | wing to fly , angel | electric-covered skateboard for senior citizen ``
parachute/ balloon | tarzan flying fox | rocket
jetpack

skateboard motorcycle | flying chair
parachute , rocket pack | umbrella | google car , smart car , autodrive ``

personalise scooter which us the mrt track , current mrt track ``

teleport
flying carpet | monster inc door ( keep out , jacinta ) | flying and floating - powered by natural gas ''

transportation portal | drone , drone controller | flying suit ``
magic wand

broom | pair of wing | flying house with tracking device ( always changing address ) , can travel anywhere in the world , no need to uproot ''
flying bus ufo thing , wheel of fire , iron man-ish | teleporter - dont lose a body part ``
giant wheel | wing | wheel attached to limp
aero-bridges ( travelators ) | tele-commute | canals/ waterway ( boats/ submarine )
heli-car | teleportation device | share-a-car-share a bus
emergency parachute
no escalator , travelators throughout | small foldable two-wheeled car ''


mrt without cabin but dockable system , rail system for human where segway style vehicle are attached ''
personal transportation | hoverboard | flying car | iron man suit
add bat-wings style sail , motor , wheel-less , use magnetic plate to create frictionless surface | hand-motion ( to turn left , right , up , down ) , motor , solar panel | gps ``
hot-air balloon | maomao transport system | tiger can climb tree
flying car | driverless car , drive without license because I have no driver 's license | bullet car without wheel , save energy | gyrosphere can travel underwater , roll on the seabed ( prpellor that can push the ball up , can roll on land | hamster powered bike ''
robotic driver , built-in gps , expandable to create more capacity ``
teleportation | tele-presence work in-sity ( from home ) , minimal travel ``
underground transport

maglev transportation | flying saucer
long-distance segway | covered , all weather bike ``
teleport
teleport machine > ease traffic congestion , 'scotty beam me up ' | driverless vehicle > cloud solution to navigate the fastest route , no need parking space | flying fox network for pedestrian ``
reliablility/ fast | cheap/ inexpensive | on demand
personal : encourage use of bicycle and electric bicycle for all house-hold , cut car park by half in HDB estate to discourage ownership | system : use all COE money to fund public transport ( free/ discount ) , buy bus and build more MRT line , build cover walk way between estate and bus/mrt station |implement pilot-less car from MRT station to major housing estate ``
next generation personal transport | safe , privacy | fast , convenient for user | smart > automation , green , nice-looking ``
real time network to actively divert traffic | foldable personal device | conveyor belt sysrem 'always on'
solar cell | segway | driverless car
vehicle carriage that connects and detach according to the destination they are going , minimise number of carriage way , connecting point of different convoy of carriage | hovering surf board , use harmonic levitator technology | power source , right steering , left steering , similar to segway ``
quadcopter |
narrow car , double road capacity ``
magnetic hoverboard | glasstube , vacuum , low friction , suction , destination | foldable blade , miniturized nuclear battery ''

triple decker bus | flying carpet | hot air balloon
teleportation | VR , with touch sensor | motorised , miniturized nuclear battery ``
motorised shoe | powered chair
robotised horse
magnet | magnet , cabin | flying fox style ``
electric pod for dedicated pedestrian walkway | aircon scooter/ bicycle tunnel , travelators | network of driverless electric vehicle on existing road , each mahor road will have fixed pod travelling to and from one node to another ''
underground network of LRT , ground level , central , ave 1 | point-to-point car rental ( pick up at A , drive to B , drop off ) | jet sky , use major river a highway ``
horizontal elevator underground
next generation personal transport system | ang mo kio station -- - depot road station
single seater scooter , single seater scoort , multiple seater car , monotrack across destination ``
land , motorbicycle | sea | air , feather floaring around ''
fly , plane a CPU | vacuum | swim ''
lego inspired modular car , safety , space saving , private | bird , fly | factory mass production > conveyor belt ''
drone like personal transport | last mile single seat mobile driverless device at MRT station | non-stop step-on step-off bus , analogy- moving travelators ``
light , remote control button ``
fly suit , headlight modified , remote control for speed and direction etc | parachute modified - must be compact , portable ``
gps umbrella to direrct commuter to nearest MRT
wing , wheel , shoe , light ``
belt to tighten ( prevent exposure )
automated vehicle that you can dial up in advance to pick you up and drop you off via app , people can also share the ride of along way | electric scooter that are small and you can charge anywhere for short distance , easily foldable and lock , light , charging point at various spot | flying car with lane in the air ''
PCN track for longer distance which regulates 'traffic ' , 'last mile ' - free to move , e-scooter , weather shed ''
underground expressway , use hot air balloon to travel around | cable car that link between building ``
autonomous UAV system > like hot air balloon or blimp that are fuel efficient | public segway | travelators powered by solar panel with battery storage

automated taxi vehicle | interconnected waterway/ canal with ferries/ hovercraft | dedicated network , sheltered bicycle pathway with huge fan and air purifier ``
seat | levitating bowl with air con
teleporting machine , cashless ring , cashless ring ax machine | gyroscopic moving ball | extensive landing system ''
smart allocation of public transportation base on demand | device that reduce gravitational effect , so individual can 'float ' to destination a desired ``
travelator network ( underground ) with fan and air purifier | not for owyong heng
mangetic bus | commuter underground network

unmanned driverless vehicle/ cab/ bus | verticle take-off capsule
all walk , no machine | unmanned transport | stay at home , home delivery ``
woodland statellite town , bike track , driverless track , jurong town , central town , changi town , satellite town , boat ``

an unending travelator , go round and round the island forever | underground singapore | bicycle ``
interstella | underground portal tube | star wars/ bullet train
synchronised move-off | double decker train
bedok , dsta ``
vacuum hyperloop

flying car
personal board | MRT tunnel


single wheel segway | luggage/cargo | rocket engine
rocket engine | windsteer , steering wheel , engine , wheel ``

family skate scooter
hover bike | hoverboard | dynamic road that can allow car to drive in different direction depends on traffic condition

all lane , all lane , heli lane , car lane , car lane , car lane , bike lane , train LRT , train MRT - based on peak | remote control | shade , pet dog ''
travelator | magnetic vehicle
personal transport device , hot air balloon , carriage , device at roof flat ``
driverless vehicle on demand | motorised bike available islandwide . Free to use
motorised shoe | mini aircraft jet engine | driverless car + gps
bicycle lane , pedal engine | stacking of car to utilise clear height of road ''
self propelled shoe | self automated machines/ car that bring you to place by keying in the postal code , key in postal code b4 you enter | magnetic rail & your shoe that can be programmed & bring you to your venue ``
50km/hr travellator
hot air balloon


hovercraft | clean energy , fuel = H2O | tube for travelling ``
teleport
wireless teleport | singapore , china , america , russia ``
vehicle upon vehicle , double decker travelling | underwater , sea travelator , walk in water | drone ''
connected sheltered tunnel ( 100 % UV protection ) , underground , 50 km/hr | all-weather , covered electric ( solar powered ) bicycle/ scooter ( can stand or sit ) | fly over land , water ``
solar powered skateboard | high speed travelator powered by solar + different weigh created by people standing on that
more underground , more area for HDB and park and shopping area , MRT , public road | travel in straight line to reduce travelling time and distance | work at home , user teleconference meeting , bos , projector , camera , you ``

non-deflatable wheel , shock absorbing , rubber guard-prevent accident , gps , auto | auto-driven , bump protection , distance sensor to other object ''
with contol joystick to change direction | cashless , cardless payment - payment made with fingerprint ``
jetpack that can be maneuvered , LCD watch TV show , add dining table to have lunch while travelling , robotic arm serve food | underground tunnel vehicle | flying fox transport network ``
fly | wheel , protective comfortable protective gear , dedicated pathway , gps | magnetic pathway ''
teleportation portal | electromagnet 'repels ' like Japan 's bullet train
driverless vehicle | travelator that is solar powered | ? ? ?
motorised foldable bicycle with tent cover on top
underground aricon travelator ( within housing estate ) , underground tunnel | human capsule transport | air balloon ''
roller skating | cable car | unmanned vehicle ( bus/ car )
transport pod/ capsule , 'packets ' magnetic like coupling and de-couping | network/grid , 'criss cross around island ' mobile app with location based information , trigger journey regulates and system will route pod to you | sushi bar concept ``
human drone transportation from one point to another designated location | hybrid car that can drive on road and swim in water
flying vehicle | free-to-use mono-wheel + multiple collection and returning point | cable car system - for CBD and Marinas Bay Area , high rise building ''
jurong , changi , teleportation | transportation booth at point A > transportation booth at point B..C..D ( smart phone - destination key in ) ``
long distance node to node , MRT ``
retractable wing


high-tech stilt walker | conveyor belt pavement | sky-bridge for personal mobility , road ''
elevated travelator ( conveyor belt ) | skip board
flying saucer | cable , building , emergency stop button | wing ( retractable ) , boat , wheel , device can travel by waterway , land with the wheel or low flying by retractable wing ``
lightning arrestor | natural gps
drone | vacuum tube | levitation electromagnet flying surf board
cable | folded wing
electric vehicle ( 1 to 2 person ) | solar panel , remote sensor | lift to house/ unit ( elderly ) - transportation to hospital ``

flying , surfing board , safety belt | aerodynamic | elevated carrier ( helicopter ) ``
mono-wheel motorised vehicle | vacuum transportation | teleportation ( breakdown of molecule )
personalised transport device | transport system for singapore , inflated glider suit ''
motor 'fan ' , seat , gliding ``


zoom


driverless , rotating blade-fly when in jam | battery , solar panel , rainproof | turbo ''
engine compartment , rear acis , rear wheel , chair , 1 front wheel , wheel , engine , seat , wheel | display , one man wheel , inner structure decoupled from large external wheel , engine | high pressure gun , magnet , high pressure air , new MRT , magnetic ring ``
personal transporter |
teleport door | road , water | canister ``
mini segway to be attached to the bottom of the shoe | segway that can be detached and kept conveniently into our bag | foldable motorised/ electrical bike
luxury ( mass ) transportation | last minute transportation | demand-driven bus/train/services cae ( cab )
car that fly , retractable wheel | human-copter ``
compact | dial-a-bus , driverless , auto car-pooling , no parking , priority bus lane , friendly app , public transport pricing , large scale optimisation | grid of sidewalk travelators , save energy , elderly friendly ''
portal'ble , joo koon , pasir ri | mail box , crane ''
rocket | rocket , falcon | bedroom , spa , entertainment ''
jetpack , wing to guide | hovercraft , handle for better balancing | giant bubble , seat for comfort ``
dsta > home | flying car
electromagnetic track
personal space , track ``
underground magnetic fast shuttle @ extremeties of Singapore | nationwide electric scooter rental scheme | fast craft
solar panel | mass teleporting
supermarket , school , +goods + service | switchable configuration | another place ''
personal helicopter | electric personal lift | collapsable car
travel by tube | teleportation
flying car | hoverboards ( solar powered ) | MRT that stop under your home , massive integraed under-ground tunnel for MRT ( singapore ) ``
gym-walker > automation , magnetic levitation skateboard , autonomous , gps guided | automated car seat , autonomous , anti-collision , driver car seat ``
sheltered last-mile pathway for personal mobility device | high speed express train between exchange of MRT | wearable motorised shoe
low flying air transporter | safety net
modulator , demodulator , cable line , high speed pipe transport network | jetpack | pt a > teleport > pt b ''
teleport | 'wings ' on human
car that fly , capsule pod , smaller to aeroplane route| star trek , beam | teleportation ``

modular piece to form car , aeroplane , truck > to be a car , truck & aeroplane at the same time | underwater + surface + land | sensor , communication island wide ''
teleportation | levitating/ flying | encapsulation of transportation device

portal , device portal gun | nuclear powered hovercraft | teleportation lift ``
flying car | cannon ball capsule | all island travelator
device | hoverboards | teleportation , btw planet ``
change human into air > move to destination > reconstruct human | exoskeleton | virtual-real world interaction
airbus | teleport hub | double decker MRT train
doraemon : on-demand , point to point , across time | cloud , infrastructureless , not bound by roads/ track | non-land based , water , air ''
umbrella , controller , electric wheelchair , wheel | electric 'horse ' , controller , a body to sit on , mechanical leg to 'walk ' | shelter , controller , device to make vehicle float , engine ''
high speed travelator along side with train , something like Bangkok BTS walkway build under the railway track | ERP kind of gantry where people can just enter & exit train without the need to stop anything , MRT entry/exit | attachable 'roller ' shoe that allows people to 'attach ' to bus that travel in the neighbouthood estate in reasonable speed , cant too fast , people can attach to the bus anytime to avoid chasing for bus ``
all road to have a top section to carry autonomous pod for individual transport of up to 4 person sitting > pod travel on fixed route above main road | bus that travel on top of all other car on the road , the road will be equipped with rail , rail on which the bus on top have to move along | do we need to have personal transport ? define the problem ! maybe there is no need to transport ``
more established car pooling or bus pooling system ( crowd sourced ) | bicycle path island-wide enforce 'no car ' zone within town , with exception for disabled/ handicapped | electrical monorail within town to discourage car . ( like conveyor belt , they slow down at location but never stop ``
road : accident ( help get the place fast , cleaning of vehicle , fast ) , vehicle drone to remove vehicle , mobile apps for singapore to call 995 or 999 with geo tagging information , accident proof vehicles-stop using all round sensor | MRT : creating more space , cramp , build rail on top . two rail | vehicle inspection : wasting time for inspection , automated test robot , self check application , pre-build sensor on each vehicle ``
flying vehicle for everyone , fly < 1000ft | electric roller for everyone to travel from the train station to their destination , office , train station , electrical charge and storage ``
built-in detachable GPS that allows rider to put route and path > road , path , park connection etc , GPS take into consideration all other vehicle on the road and give you an optimum path , shrinkable/ foldable with extendable pull handle and mini wheel to pull along | travel pod that tranport people from home directly to their specified destination , over air space , collision-detection , like a driverless car where we depend on algorithm to bring u to destination ( like marble track ) ``

flying skateboard like what they have in back to the future | integrated system that brings together parking facility with MRT personal tube network
personal car - small electric powered combinable car , special lane | national travelator grid , home , MRT/ LRT station ``
self-driving bicycle ( also self propelled ) + docking station @ MRT | zipline system | catapult system

travelator | foldable skateboard
a transportation device which can fly , sail and travel on the road , powered by solar energy | 4D printing , a transportation device that can shrink to a miniature size , this can relief parking space | solar panel , HDB train | a door which can teleport people to any location ``
self-balancing blade | hoverboard , magnetic field - dedicated road designed for levitation | driverless car or bus ``
public transport : seld drive bus > lesser human error , higher bus frequency | personal transport : e-scooter > longer endurance ``
flight | jetpack , glider to save energy when coming down | exoskeleton for super strength , run fast , jump fast ( die fast ) ``
flight , hovering in the air | bike , human cell | teleport , sends dna data over , teleportation ``
personal helment mounted helicopter | electrical/ propelled roller blade | jetpack , automated navigation , anti-collision system ``
levitator-glider > for heading to higher ground , for going to lower level | iron man exo-suit ``
hyperloop that have stations/ stop at only major interchange | elevator that move sideways instead of vertical
high speed rail ( from changi to boonlay le than 5 min ) | roller capsule ? , your transport can be shrunk , parking is no longer a constrain | door to anywhere ``
compressed air | solar panel , Li-ion battery , MEMs , regenerative braking | trampoline pavement , rubber shoe ``
MRT a , electric bike rental , dedicated lane for cyclist , electric bike return , MRT B ''
roller blade without wheel | travel by air | virtual travel
backpack helicopter , GPS , camera for obstacle avoidance , monoblade - retractable | teleportation device | exo-skeleton leg > run to your place effortlessly ''
moving belt , solar panel ``
staircase/ escalator without electricity | conveyor belt on pavement with seat | public bus : RFID concept to replace ez-link card tapping
exo-skeleton that is powered ? | bicycle that run on public rail network , using existing electrical infrastructure to run & charge the bicycle , electricity , conducting wheel ''
home , office @ DSTA , office @ CDB , sky taxi ``
rail system on the pavement ( like roller coaster ) | flying fox | seamless transfer between different MRT line > a carriage that separate and continue on another line
on-demand driverless car , app to gather passenger from destination A to destination B , driverless car to fetch passenger from Pt A > Pt B , on demand lift in morden building , centralized control for efficiency not subjected to driver fatigue | transport- personal ( affordable , small size , environmentally friendly , on-demand ) - shared ( public ) - no need to travel ( work from home , smart office , on leave ) ``
integrated illumination for night/ dark condition , force field for personal space/ privacy , levitation for all terrain travel , ground level , air-cooling , non-slip pad ( for hot weather ) ``
teleportation system | robot to carry stuff everywhere you go
helicap , conceived from idea of helicopter | car-plane with retractable wing , a car fitted with retractable wing that can take you to any part of the world | island-wide travelator , a travelator that is linked to all part of the country ``
lift | propeller boot | car that can fly access the rail road etc
wearable wing | solar panel , sail , for launch and recovery | foldable car ``
flying fox line network | magnetic hoverboards - car surfing | personal mass rapid transport network
levitation transport , come in capsule | able to control robot for presence ``
travelators alongside pedestrian , pavement for elderly & handicapped , shelter | compressible car to fit into tight parking lot , car ha internal part that can be adjusted to reduce width | solar powered flying bicycle ( foldable wing & bicycle ) , solar cell ``
helmet with wing | body suit that allows person to fly , solar cell | retractable wheel for land , arc like feature to thread through water , activatable float > bad 'ponding ' situation ``

teleport
detachable | teleportation | hovershoes
mechanical skeleton to move based on brain signal | hover platform for individual
drone car , GPS , brake pad | GPS | flying sensor , helmet ``
cooling mobile capsule
gps
anti-collision radar , gps ``
lightning protection , lightning protection ''
chair with wing | nike
air-rail | automated device , platform , building ``
wing inside
DTTA > science park
mini car , solar panel | power rack/ fuel tank , strap ( to wear ) ( fly in the air ) | stand here , signal light ( L/R ) , wheel , mini engine ``
singapore , for east to west fast multilevel underwater | zipline | ? ? ? , manufacturing belt ``
skater track on pavement | 2 row of MRT , above , bottom | car on float ``
motorised shoe , fan | walkway with travelator | amphibious car ``


stop , travellator ``
driverless vehicle , solar panel | or anti-gravity ''



qigong , propulsion flight using internal energy | smart phone/watch , app to de-conflict flight path | personal drone device ``
carriage suspended in mid air inside concentric magnetic coil for propulsion | anti-gravity craft | single wheel gyroscope
roller skate , motorised ``
transport info app | driverless
additional wheel for balance | air , sea & land transporter | solar panel ``
self guided chair | jetpack | magnetic golf , magnetic shoe ``
enter pick-up point & destination , time to travel , app will match with other user and arrange carpool & pick-up by auto car , pick up a scheduled | auto car without driver ``
create parking space for bicycle/ kickboard storage in office , allocate bicycle/ kickboard lane beside road | kickboard/bicycle , office , home , walk distance/ cycle distance , boat , home/office ''
underground cycling lane , unmanned vehicles/ bus , MRT , underground water canal ``
lower proof weight vehicle | reduced height


captured idea > analytic tool > implementation | teleportation by wifi ( area a , area b ) ''

working near your home ! , your train will be arriving in two minute | auto sm to bos when train ``
wing , car with wing | connected resevoir/ drain | safety belt , chair , conveyor ''
car , bus/mrt/ train | flying surfboard , large enough for additional dog ``
driverless , individual transportation pod , 360degree view , battery driven , biometric seat , control panel , GPS journey plan , magnetic levitation ( for highway/ speed ) , wheel ( rough terrain ) | teleportation portal ``
floating capsule , 1ft from ground , le power needed | flying carpet/ foldable | apps , people request take a lift , matching between driver/ journey ``
enlarge drone , able to float 1 foot above ground | levitation shoe , shoe with magnetic sensor to float above ground | affordable mass product jetpack ''
travelator footpath | cable chair | jetpack
overhead capsule , conveyor , air powered platform | underground capsule ( group or individual ) | cross country under water capsule ``


skateboard/ capsule for transport , ball roller everywhere | propeller/ jet engine/ thrust & turn , backpack ``
capsule for weather protection | mobile threadmill
in-tv entertainment , frictionless contact , vacuum , levitation to minimize energy leakage | can land aircraft a well , park in the sky ``
anti collision | gps , ironman suit | beam me up scotty ''
beam me up scotty ( location A , location B ) | self propelled , boat & travel by canal , interconnected canal , singapore ``
jet | teleport system , safety | sail , personal shuttle air/land/water/underwater , rail ``
skyline sheltered , roller ball control by brain wave , solar powered | self propelled ( turbo charged ) , magnetic charging ''
punctuality of public transport system | strassenbahn , surfact train system with dedicated track ``
underwater | PC9 fellow |
ironman suit | personal hovercraft | trikke scooter
flying , jettison fuel tank | tele transport , A > bus > B | space , solar cell ``
aladdin carpet , no need fuel , just wish ``
teleport | jetpack , jettison fuel tank | multiple warhead to clear obstacle ''
self-drive , suto electric car | electric bike ( with mutiple return point ) , tow luggage/ carry kids/ pet | flying car ``
hover | jet pack , parachute in case of failure | zipline ``
teleport
multilayers train line , mrt station , jettison fuel tank , booster engine , ground , underground , air suck vacuum no drag ''
parachute in case of failure | self lubricating oil , AI ( robot ) ``
hotair balloon , parachute in case of failure , light ''
mobile network , armoured gal with screen display ``
electric skate scooter | jetpack | mini skateboard
able to travel a fast a F1 car , in the future , F1 shall comprise be pollution-free , economical sport car | solar solar | car that can also fly ``
abracadebra , teleport | hoverboards ''
personal transporter , huge battery capacity , wireless charging | cooler box ''
mask for haze
segway flying on electrical energy ( no carbon emission )
normal traffic condition , residential , road divider , city , road warning that change according to traffic demand , road marking are light flushed with the tarmac road , point : built in light , road illuminated marking that change with road condition , road divider that move , peak traffic condition ( day ) ''
autonomous car , leading vehicle , safety distance , driver relaxes ``
balloon , ship , wheel , rudder ``
solar powered car
raft boat in canal | bicycle + bus | dont travel , work from home only come to office when required ''
solar powered ( land/ sea/air transporter ) , solar-power panel ``
teleportation system
anywhere door | shoeify | flybag
electric track , wireless charging ``

hovercar ( driverless ) | jetpack , rotary blade train a , train b , train b can 'dock ' on train a or overtake it , air gap , track ``

elevated transportation pod ( use elevated pace , reduce need for car ) | amphibious car ( use canal and waterway to ease road congection ) | elevated bus ( maximise road space ) ''
personal flying platform that can take off and attach to own home 's window , vector thrust engine , autonomous algorithm so people dont need to be pilot | use underground space , tunnel , vehicle travelling along tunnel ``
automated UAV , shared/ pool public transport | no need to pedal anymore , le sweat , legal e-bike with bike lane | scotty , `` '' beam me up '' '' ''
driverless bus | flying multi-modal transporter | personal jetpack
weather proof add-on
underground links/ road for only pedestrians/ personal transport device | driverless uber cab service with sensing for smooth traffic management | electric tricycle
hovering car , car pooling , martian-omg ! Why they copy u ! ! | control ''
super mario , rapid transport tube system 1 to 1 destination ( esp congested & frequented destination , destination arrived | station 1 : cityhall , walk , travellator , no car , cycle , station 2 , orchard | solar efficient solar powered roller shoe + charge a you skate ''
wifi enabled , transparent casing + uv protection , double layered , non-contact/ vacuum using magnetic field to ensure inner case is always constant | outer layer for forward movement ``
drone/ grabdrone
individual levitated transportation , network ''
problem statement : insufficient parking space , solution : install foldable mechanical leg which can be activated to park above other car ''
bluetooth , wifi , singtel , M1 , starhub ''
driverless car 'ball ' | unmanned skateboarding @ space/ mid aur | from home teleport to orchard
magnetic field chair/ device , massage chair | like F16 | to mar , mar ``
solid capsule , unbreakable , carbon fibre , solar panel , stored energy sufficient to run at night ``
magnetic field slide | aladdin mat | sphere moving people around
moving platform ( magnetic material ) that run on electricity powered by the solar powered panel , solar powered panel ( magnetic ) ``
travelator , designated track to different part of singapore | bicycle | travelling in a gyroscopic ball in a tube ``
central control , anti-collision device , electrical driven , gps | network of overhead railing framework ``
smart goggles eye motion sensor and detects where you want to go , gps screen + google map function , wing , side view - like an army tank , move through rough terrain ``
bicycle , wing , gps to guide ``
convertible , spiderweb control box ''
personal transport driving above the road , flying route is only above green area . Vehicle can have watering capability to keep our forest green thriving , wheel can travel on the road ``
map , controller ``
jetplane to fly low level and move within different town centre | automated , just key in and it bring you there . Dont have to control and do your thing while travelling eg . Watch movie ``
aerial view of shopping centre , mimicks a giant conveyor belt , ( store name ) | weatherproof glass case , air vent , motorised roller blade ``
lego-like car that can be assembled or disassembled according to the no . of passenger , collapsible piece made from carbon fibre | turbo roller blade | individual flying propeller ''
non-stop express rail , disembark onto moving platform that synchronises with main rail | with glider & gps technology ``
car-plane with CDCA & verticle take off | air engine with CDCA | if more people , stack up ''
man on wheel | escalator linknig singapore | transport thing & people to you through internet/tv connection
hoverboard | water supply system with submarine transport | autonomous flying vehicle
tv , 2 vertical , 1 horizontal , 1 seat | twin jet air vertical thrust , 1 horizontal thrust , 1 jettison kit | teleporting ``
can fly like drone , can sail like sub | during haze period , indonesia | 1 upward jet , 2 back thruster ``
mrt , travelator , link hdb flat at different level | water taxi around the island | minimize personal travel , work from home/ shop online ``
underground | solar panel
doraemon
levitating skateboard/ hoverboard | driverless vehicle
motorised bicycle | motorised stand-up board | motorised skateboard
solar powered segway | electric car , electric induction ``
auto wall proximity machinr | heli-transportation | auto-vegetable washer
express-way bus | air cushion slider | one wheeled battery
ski-lift system to carry passenger from 1 pt to another ( complement bus route ) | open air solar powered travelatrs for short distance | driverless motorcycle ( 3-wheel ) running on 1/2 car lane on all street ( safety )
mini hovercraft which can travel over air & sea for individual | bicycle powered by electricity or manually
levitation mover | electric bike | conveyor belt travellator
point a , suction , point b | capsule vehicle ''
train system with no train stop , exit whenever you want | leverage existing high ground , convert potential energy = kinetic energy ``
personal device wearable jetpack for long distance | exo-skeleten to reduce tiredness for walking | attachable wheel to shoe , self powered ``
hybrid FC/ Battery/ solar mini car , solar grid , solar panel to charge up battery , small city car ( max speed 90km/hr ) , no need for big/fast car in SG | heartland , solar pod on travelators ``
hydrogen fuel cell ( powered by rain water ) , no pedalling , automatic gear-changing , lightweigh composite ``
frame detachable , usb charged enabled ( battery ) , detachable wheel which can be bagged | tier travel system , land , rail ( MRT ) , sub rail track , MRT , road ''
driverless car , gps connection , designated road | pneumatic track , capsule seat that project in without stopping the train | self packing into transportable packaging ``
spring landed deflection plate to re-direct people , handhold for people to choose which exit to set out of , to jurong , to highway , valve prevents people from getting sucked into pump , vacuum pump provides suction | carrying handle for pick-up at transport route , personal pod for short distance ( < 5km ) movement , from home to transport node , spherical wheel for omnidirectional movement ( parallel parking becomes a breeze ) , lithium-ion battery in base for stability , regenerative braking , transport node , pick up personal pod and move to whichever node required , main path use underside of MRT infra , small branch for minor route ``
train overtake | portal
MRT , trainless MRT continuous flow | SMRT app | DSTA , Jurong , Orchard , Changi ''
remote programmable unmanned car
hassle free public transport from point to point | customer oriented cab driver | travelator within estate ie shopping malls/ market | drone | automated driverless car
passenger activate request for taxi through HP , taxi use gps to locate passenger & arrive in front of him/ her ``
unmanned guided vehicle | heli-transporter | scooter hovercraft with jet engine
air | sea | land

mini-size portable transporter , teleport , yeah ! I have safely reached home , supermarket , yeah ! Shopping ! ''
heavy duty sledgeway type with higher capacity battery for longer distance , solar power | propellor , roller , wing ''
wheel

mini contraption when not used , spinning wheel , bubble type enclosure much like in jurassic world , sea ``
directional control power plant , wheel ``
personal airship , easily deflatable for parking storage | driverless car | gyrocopter ``
unmanned taxi that run all day , le car ( overall ) , national leve | transport - motorised that utilizes the park connector , personal | personal balloon , with propulsion , nice view ``
solar , sheltered way , child 's carriage , segway ( 2 wheel ) , sloped kerb | video transport | driverless tram | mass transit , segway park ``
park + charging , foldable , standing buggy with battery | aircon | hovercar | west , travelator system ``


for high speed | unmanned
sheltered | helmet | shelter
country a ( matter to electron ) , country b ( electron to matter ) | gps , SG100 ''
human copter | air space , flight path city point , collision avoidance SOP | fuel system , secondary backup power ``
hoverboard | teleport portal | jetpack
travelator for short distance , cover/ shelter | passenger drone | rotary road ''
jetpack | balloon | all segway transport system , no car ``


take copter | piao piao | conveyor belt
deflatable , inflatable balloon , gps enabled , different size , speed control , solar energy , height control/ altitude , travel in air/ sea/ road , no need carpark , can deflat after use | retractable travelator ``
cycle , park connection cycle with | MRT shoe card , device ''

auto-no driver
pre-arranged bus or MRT , 7am 1 seat for bus 123 , platform right at your door step , bus stop , bus arrive at 7am ''
fan for power , underwater | rollercoasters thru the air , slide , whee , route a , route b , route c , underground , turbo boost | driver , flap , detachable flying carriage ``

tram | uni-cycle ( wheel ) | motorised scooter | pulley system | solar powered bicycle
to build/ contruct travelator all over the place | magnetic-float transport system | green transportation system , noise-less , pollution free ''
transportation | float transport system
flying personal transportation , gas tank ''
foldable driverless car | flying skateboard | helicopter suit
floating platform | seat available mobile app | bus with
auto light up for priority seat in MRT train when a pregnant lady / older citizen walk in , empty seat | mobile apps to alert you the bus stop to alight , can be wake up call too , beep beep you have reached your destination please alight at the nextstop | switch off handphone/ internet , device to detect food heat and switch off the internet connection ``
paraflying to destination | driverless car to chauffeur people to designated area | dedicated track for transporting people to short distance , sit scooter , hand scooter , lock on automatic cycling track ``
self propelled shoe run effortlessly | personalised drone with VTOL to take me anywhere | nuclear powered segway limitless source of power
no postman ( email )
smart watch , tag to transport device ( can have a chip or RFID installed ) - app to run the chip ''
iphone/ android dense with app to track payment when go past ERP | GPS that able to detect the ERP is still on plan escape route to avoid the gantry or make to car invisible to avoid payment at ERP gantry
shoe with wing | smart car auto drive to destination when you program from & to | flying vehicle
Using RFID to allow easy access to the trasportation system , RFID system , face detected automatically | car to be driverless or can be controlled by voice instead of havinf to learn how to drive a car , no driver , stop/go | have a chip inserted beneath you skin & link the chip to you bank account to automatically deduct the fare , chip ''
round bubble a a car , air-con , lighted bubble , full glass , inflatable glass | an app to replace the ez-link card , the app can be downloaded easily to the hp , we just need to flash the hp when boarding and alighting public transport , using SIM instead of app ( for non smart phone ) | a pair of shoe that is motorised and bring u around instead of walking , the remote control is our watch , removable wheel - attach only when needed ''
tap watch > replace ez-link card , can talk & advice | cable car , use 'air space ' instead of land & underground , cablel-less | special lane & parking lot for electronic scooter ( legalised electronic scooter a transportation ) , draw on demand ''
flying hoverboard | a tablet | a watch that serve a a navigation aid , never run out on battery , no need to charge ``
double decker MRT cabin | jurong , pasir ri , mobile sidewalk | hovercars , with airborne lane ``
shelter pathway wide MRT track , MRT , MRT track , shelter with travelator | personal , portable , compact , equipment , foldable , portable bicycle , lightweight , fold into brief case size | travelator , with chair to sit , jurong , amk ''
build rail alongside expressway using the unused strip of land | electric scooter for rent on travel within 10km , located islandwide , charging station ''
shared taxi network | smart mini-buses | triple deck MRT , mrt running above expressway ''
SG transport grid
double deck , MRT train | automatic lane extension | automatic car , environmentally friendly , fast , no need pay COE , everybody ``
Home , workstation | no rail system ''
personal , hoverboards | system , double mrt track - in case of breakdown ''
orchard road travelator , fastest speed , erp offline , road not in use , slow speed for easy entry , walkway , travelator | travel overseas , luggage , passport and wallet , fussfree travel ''
jetpack
for the old folk , walk with exoskeleton to overcome old age + knee problem , exo-skeleton | for the young or young at heart , swing between building | for the ruling class , personalised mobility pod , travel in air con comfort ! | probably can work for all , travel tube , personalised pod propelled by air pressure , motorised chair from work to home ``
transport capsule for weather protection & view , inflatable , walk , mech/ physical momentum energy translate to dynamic energy , slatebound like device , walk , mech physical energy to dynamic energy ''
unicycel on fixed track | personal copter

motor , battery ''

teleportation system , bedok , bukit merah ''

solar panel , battery re-chargeable , regenerative braking system ``
teleportation | flying device , winged shoe , levitation , by drone | solar powered bicycle , external solar power , solar powered suit that you wear ''


hovering machine | self drive platform
beam me up scotty
drone
DSTA , ice berg , you jump I jump | ERP , team catering | made in china ''
travelator | driverless car | aerial surfboard , silversurfer ''
PCN | HDB , HDB , HDB | MRT track ``
help , it stink , drainage system , glass dome for smell control | escalator for pedestrian ``
human-quadcopter | high speed travelator , train | inflatable rolling car-ball ''

underground travelator | tube to transport people around | travel through cable
frictionless | hovercraft

time traveller
people can walk on it too
personal capsule , pipes/tubes | flying people | cable traffic ''




teleportation | magic carpet | surfboard
driverless , ( busstop ) any place | teleport | no traffic jam , all terrain climb stair ``
foldable segway with charging station , PCN national wide , PCN route , charging station , parking & parking lot | magic route : like high speed rail with magnetic shoe to speed up , just like skating | solar charge up bus & depot ``
personal rocket suit like ironman | lightweight rocket shoe allows user to travel max 200km/ charge | multi-purpose motor vehicle that can travel on road , fly in the sky and along the sea ``
instant teleport | helicopter , can land anywhere | submarine ``
all terrain | sustainable ( renewable energy ) , pollution free | fly whole house ( kitchen , bedroom , bathroom , entertainment room ) ``
unmanned personal mobi for short distance travel ( eg mrt to office , home to nearby mall ) , overhead cover , chair , glass panel , slope flatground , wheel ``
reduce wear and tear issue with railway travel , levitation texhnique ( magnetic ) , high speed , train , magnetic expel force | motor wheel integrated with shoe | auto tracking shopping cart that follows you in shopping mall ``
collapsible electric scooter , charging system , key in location , the scooter will head to the destination , one button to collapse the scooter , collapse , 20cm by 20cm | travelator | pulling cable where people can grab and move on roller skate ''
jetpack kiosk , jetpack , wind propelled/ magnetic | road rider , front view , guide , insert foot | lift capsule , underground ''
single-copter | spring | shark-mobile
automated , for the mass , double decker train | environmentally friendly , expansion of PCN concept , usage of bicycle ''
levitation car > create another dimension to also maximise the existing space use for road , different layer car keeping to speed limit | flying fox from 1 site to another , flying fox tower , can change direction to another center , controlled by computer for the change , main points/ center | specialised bicycle lane ''
scalable car , if only one person driving , it will convert to one seater car | wearable backpack jet | levitating scooter ''
ski lift travelator , scooter , office | dedicated lanes/ road , electric tram ? | segway ? Motorised ? To move faster , HDB , flying fox , mass transit helicopter , need landing helipad , say from east to Tuas ? ''
light , install fan , retractable shelter in case of rain , holding area for bag/ ? ? ? , bicycle , dedicated lane | unmanned , low cost , maintainence free , environmentally friendly - solar powered , umbrella for shelter , self-controlled quad copter large enough to sit more people , mass rapid drone ? | instead of people move , thing move to people , human are designed to move around by own mean - leg ``
faster boarding & alighting from track | flying saucer
hamster ball | on-board entertainment system | with 2 control shoe , battery powered shoe ``
flying suit ( hand and leg band ) | electric shielding , ball transportation ( off guard ) ``
motorbike | hover bike | high speed MRT
personal jetpack | double decker MRT | bus that have storage for bicycle
GPS guided parachute , drop zone | personal quad copter | third track or cross track on every station for train to by-pass station for express service ``
zipline | underground personal pod | uni-cycle , hoverboard ''
weather proof | hover , 10cm ''

vacuum tube
shoe + drone | shoe + rail | hamster ball
doraemon propellor on head | unicycle | teleport
work from home , no need transportation | better use of park connector , roller blade ``
multi-storey MRT | jetpack | flywheel
2 seat micro ? ? | 2 seat helicopter
transport hub linking to islandwide network , segway ( personal transport from home to transport hub ) > transport capsule > transport hub > destination , segway , using existing MRT network , cable car technology ( for transport capsule ) , hospital document delivery service | dynamice traffic light > light based on traffic flow for entire system ``
2 seater 3 wheel personal transporter | modular train system detachable & individual
car-to-car refueling system | photochromic ( aka transition ) window -no more glare in the eye | levitating wheel , no more punctured tyre ``
jet power | iron man | change direction
personal transportation , wing , gyroscopoc light to maintain position when call roll | shelter ``
levitating show ( short Distance ) | tunnel system ( long distance ) | rolling ball ( jurassic ball , mid distance ) ``
jetpacks | personal mobility device | floating autonomous pod
teleporting door | jetpack bike , 4G/5G LTE | flying car ``
transportation cubicle | ironman suit |
dedicated bus lane , driverless bus , smart re-routing according to traffic condition | full underground transport network at every HDB block/ shopping center , driverless high speed rail tech for 3-4 pax @ 30 second interval | demand based shuttle bus for estate , each individual can register interest and pre-fix a timing , bus will move with a minimum number of passenger ``
orb that can fit in car for long distance | how to dismount
bicycle | motorised bicycle | lightweight , foldable ``

shelter , solar panel , usb chargeable , basket , motor , run-flat | bicycle ``
tri-blade
eco-friendly transport eg . Scooter | infrastructure based system that plot route of 'least resistance ' & transmit 'real-time ' to user | autonomous last mile transporter eg . Google car /Ez-10
personal pod in a suction tube | flying personal pod | individual pod that can be join up or separate
super expree - escalator ( solar powered ) bike or walking | hover bicycle on travelling network | vertical take off plane , small and mobile ``
motorised skate , fuel inlet | jet pack | affordable segway ``
no aircon | with aircon
personalised helicopter | enclosed for comfort sensor for gradual breaking
skateboard , control , solar power ''
the next generation of transport would be video and audio transportation . Digital connectivity will do away with the need for physical transportation . We can be visually there but not physically there
electric bicycle , light weight , foldable easily , long lasting power/ battery ``
unmanned vehicle that is book per use , people do no own car , book the vehicle on the internet for the timing and destination , the central computerised system wil manage the vehicle booking , arrival and verification , example : jack going from destination A to D , Peter going from destination B to C ``
door completely open up , everyone can get off | bus can expand size based on capacity , le people bus occupy le space , more people , bus expands | box , unfolded , bicycle ''
next generation configurable bus | a special lane for 1-man vehicle that run on solar power | bus which run on the main road , allowing public car to run within them ( save space for extra road ) ``
fit into the part pocket
huge drone to transport , made foldable , drone on helmet | MRT cabin to selected location shared by many people , only stop at selected specific location . Else , by-pass the station ``
hovercraft | underground capsule | time-machine
motorised single person car | driverless motorised vehicle with laser guide | mass transportation conveyor belt driven vehicle
personal magnetic levitation | travelator to replace train network | conventional 4-dr car > single seat buggy , 1/4 size reduce congestion ''
bat suit | flying skateboard | motorised wheel
can travel on land and fly in the sky | skateable shoe , shoe with wheel that can be retractable with nice design | underground network , travel point-to-point ``
airjet boot | teleport
space shuttle | step onto rail and go | mind travel

wave powered
HDB flat with station on roof of flat | levitating car , magnetic field | gyro-motion , can move on wheel or roll and go in the water ``
bus horn train horn ground level car

propeller , wind ``

duck tour
transport initiator , transport space , space , clementi , chinatown . , teleport ''
work from home
station , vacuum ``
mobile transporter , controller for teleport | station ''
convertible , door ``
driverless car
jurong , changi ''
motorised shoe | personal jet | personal helicopter

autowheels on shoe , electrically power shoe | collapsible automobile ``
dual function a watch & car key
battery operated skateboard | HP operated cark key
wheel , power to move at 100km/hr | doraemon , can fly ''
wearable flying suit integrated with rocket mechanism | helicopter + car to travel via ie & land , rotateable blade | submarine + car , to travel via sea & land to reach next destination ``
superman suit | driverless car using GPS to locate next destination | magic carpet bring you to your destination
small cabin rail system , selt detach at destination | personal latch-on conveyor system , miling | destination aggregation despatch system , vertical ( lift ) > horizontal travelling ( train ) , destination east , destination west ''
3 wheel-ed take person , driverless , can access thru road , grass , concrete , robotic , triggered via satelite system to ? ? ? , solar panel , location , GPS via satelite ``
teleportatoin | rover sport
flapper wing | multiple drone to transport human | roller blade with stick


motorised shoe , motor , rotating wheel | like a kite , remote control for the flag | travelator , road ''
never slows down , exit and decelerate , modular train concept , accelerator | brake | matrix ''
air bag | ladder to get off | travelator network
work station ( work with brain ) , personal toilet , connecter ``
travelator
aeroplane , hand phone , internet , aircon , wireless connection , GPS | east west ''
chute transport vacuum tube | personal filight equipment , motorised wing | work from home office , virtual shopping ''
beam me up scotty , teleport |long travel in the first place | levitation/ jet pack ``
personal , portable , efficient & green 'unicycle ' | teleport , hyperdrive | system , train , enter from on side , exit fron the other ''
running on gravoty , cable car | sitting comfort , single seat auto car , individual capsule ( vacuum ) | scooter ``
mass conveyor belt | propellor backpack on roller | GPS , driverless/ single man flying craft , hovercraft ''
( rechargeable ) battery powered bike to MRT station | drone ( pedal powered ) | non-stop trains/ bus ( interchangeable wagon capsule )
motorised kick scooter - rental/ sharing , use docking station at major building | Human conveyor | vertical travelling ``
on demand driverless taxi | rentable electric scooter of docking station | flying car
work/ shop from home , home schooling/ on-line feature | personal autonomous scooter , shared scooter | exoskeleton suit , solar powered ``
skate technique , handle | no electricity , solar , pedal , wind powered | lite ``

vehicle capsule , left/right axis , forward/backward axis | MRT track bring you to your station directly , without stopping alolng the way | special road lane for electric mni vehicle ''
electric scooter with shelter
wind suction people mover | Hamster wheel mover | hook
personal cube , destination | drone system , 500m above ground , interchange ``
green energy powered conveyor belt to replace highway | replace car , personal carriage ``
speed sync system | personal motorised levitation platform , electric rail ``
GPS
the drone
drone | increase train capacity by 20 %
balloon , basket | parachute flying chair , fan | magnetic levitation hoverboard | pogostick , spring ``
navigate capsule , GPS ``
flying backpack , zen2000 | levitating boot , magnetic lane ``
magic transport fruit | break a hole in the wall
tele-poration chamber | personal mobility platform | personal tri-copter
rolling ball vehicle | wall climber
smartphone to select destination | watch , teleportation , press to teleport ``
with wheel to travel on normal street/ road
augmented reality | fuel cell enabled power
segway | scooter | skateboard ( with motor )
powered paragliders , with solar power for power and GPS , fruit blender , cigar storage | Zip line from building to building , with stowable ziplining device , store heat energy from the ziplining , bonus parachute for safety | motorised skate scooter with wireless power charging , battery ''
portal , use wormhole , teleportation , teleportation system | iron-man glove + boot , use B-field | precision trebuchet - weather may be too hot/ rainy ``
automated personal pod | crowd sourcing train | personal jet pack
rotor-fly at 30m height ( avoid traffic jam ) , smart drive , park assist , run flat ''
personal drone vehicle , mini helicopter for one person | teleportation cubicle , in office building , at home | remote hand held device to control speed , lightweight/ portable , your own shoe , strap , motor , sensor , powered by motor , wheel ``
slides/ escalator | self-driven vehicle from point to point | flying pack , handheld remote control or body motion sensor for stability , gyro ''
autonomous vehicle | drone | moblie device
navigation app , electric modular attachment | sensor on floor , congestion info ``

web inspired architecture


moving capsule , passive power ``
root-pads , omni wheel ''
connectible individual vehicle , mergeable to one big vehicle to save space for car to same destination | automatic levitating above other vehicle to save road space , pad to help levitatge other car above it , levitating , levitating car park save space ``
virtual workplace , move object to human | hologram | teleportation ''
alternate mrt track to allow passenger to frop off along the track , a mini stop > le need for feeder bus service , it can be like a conveyor belt speed , people just step off to next slower track to disembark , ongoing track , slower for disembark ``
traffic lane for motorised bikes/ scooter | two-seater ( like bike ) double decker car > more lane on road , reduced foot print per car ``
hoverboard using magnetic levitation | motorised shoe with wheel | personal jetpack

doraemon | teleport , beam me over | auto roller attachable on shoe , multi terrain ''
mini car for 1-2 passenger , half the width of current car , 2x more car on the road | waterway transport through canels | foldable scooter , slope road to help ? ? ? The scooter , becomes seat on public transport ``
vertical transport system | wearable | wearable
amk/ any suburban train , high speed pod , hyperloop , raffle place , city - no driving zone , inside the path , bicycle/ scooter , pod carrying individual on bicycle ``

hougang , paris , teleportation | travelator , platform , fast speed , pick up speed/ slow down , for alighting | neezha wheel ''
intelligent transporter cell that bring individual from home to main transport hub that bring u to a destination ustilizing underground cells/ technology , intelligent transport cell , main transport hub ( underground ) | intelligent transporter cell that travel through ocean/ river/ water ``
portable carrier that allows you to switch from one mode of transport to another | multi-modal form of transportation that travel in the air , on land and in water | remote controlled or autonomous transportation that sens where the passenger want to go ''
retractable sphere , double a office chair , gyrosphere will ensure passenger is upright at all time , can go onto conveyor belt which replaces road and MRT railtracks , can also go off track , autonomous driving system , manual override possible , adhesive conveyor track , can go horrizontaly or vertically , adhesive conveyor belt ``
automation wheel | jetpacks , button for umbrella | holdingstand , joystick , brake , switch on/off booster | magnetic chair/cushion , controller , antigravity shoe , magnetic levitation , magnetic/ mrt track ``
driverless car , no traffic light system | solar energy , long lasting battery power system ''
integrated travelator system from door step to major bus interchange | carpooling system ie , when capacity of vehicle is reached , the vehicle will move to it destination , online registration system to arranf carpool before hand to save time | rent out personal mobility device at interchanges/ station , person , mobility device , tap/scan system to draw out device , additional roadspace/ walkway above road > avoid traffic jam/ human jam ``
boat using reservoir , ensure seamless connection to land transport | jetpack/ hoverboard ( solar-powered ) , air traffic regulator to be put in place | island wide conveyor belt ( hop and alight ) , ensure that there are shelter & have conveyor belt reach major defined destination ie.MRT stations/ interchange ``
driverless taxi | underground ventilated track network | intelligent vehiccles with no traffic light system , ensure that pedestrian have special route for travel ( not on road ) ''
wind powered instead of solar powered which can be used during daytime | driverless vehicle or robot driver | flying car ( use airspace ) to beat the road traffic jam
